Fun fact: We were still running most (if not all) cell networks as analog back in 2001. You can get much better range with analog cellular signals and analog is not an all or nothing proposition like digita (you can still make a connection with a marginal signal on analog compared). I remember when the switchover started and everything started being done in digital on cell networks. Places you previously could get a signal became dead zones.
We've received plenty of credit for helping deliver the win.
Flushed.
He recused himself from election related issues which was fucking stupid.
Yeah, also, where is the bot directing questions to Ask_T_D?
He fucked my mother like my step-dad never did, though not literally of course, because my mom munches carpet now.
I'm guessing shes gonna get suicided.
PEPE SHADILAY COVFEFE
It doesn't HAVE to be used for cargo transportation, though.  If electricity were cheap enough (it isn't yet, but is close) we could run electric trains and trucks.
They tried. Almost succeeded, too. We redpilled just enough!
[deleted]
He saw the roaring success Arthur Chu had in reforming society and becoming an esteemed pillar of the community by spouting SJW claptrap after his quiz show win and wanted to hop on that gravy train too.
I fucking love this comment
Is he not testifying under oath????
[deleted]
#(JEFF AGREES WITH HER)
When I spoke to them EARLY this AM they were mad as hell @ KathyGriffin. I didn't have to say much more than Hello, I'm a routine resort customer &amp; I don't want this Bitch on your stage ever again!
I noticed that.
Seth Rich is what needs our attention, period. Can we focus?
Don't forget to scrub viciously with a wire brush
So is this RC Cola crusade Media Matters doing? Because this is a fake tweet and it keeps getting posted here.   Dr Pepper, who owns the US RC Cola, is actually on a [boycott list created by the left for having ties to the Trump family.](https://townhall.com/tipsheet/christinerousselle/2016/11/26/boycott-trump-app-created-listing-companies-connected-to-trump-family-n2250833)  ...so, why is /r/The_Donald spreading this misinformation?  EDIT: And, coincidentally, this guy's account is only 4 days old.
this guy has been a shit bag cuck for a while
Let his church know about it. They are big on family.   http://i.magaimg.net/img/nxc.png
Sales of viagra just went up3%
Fry It Up and Throw it out... Eggs too slimey
What is there to discuss?
So true... people I know voted HRC and never talk about politics any more.
Let her know I found her husbands drink   http://imgur.com/Tkj3aHT
Nah we need to meme it into existence. We cannot squander this opportunity.
Does that fucking cuck even know that Seth Rich is dead, and was likely assassinated by people in or assacoiated with the DNC for leaking emails?
He better be careful or the Don will roll out the tapes.
If I'm going to stay a cult member, Kek is the only cult I need now. ;)
Likely has been sheltered.    Retarded?  Only to someone whose shit parents never disciplined them.
[deleted]
The RNC didn't do shit. If the RNC tried to do anything, it was get Hillary elected.
Go home brick bot, you is drunk
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 62521 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**  We are at **10.4382354372%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!  At this rate, the wall will be **729.329306181 MILES WIDE** and **325.417494719 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
We're at war, brother.
muslims can coexist as long as they  DO NOT:  1. go by sharia  2. read too much into koran or hadith  3. think mohamed is the greatest  person ever and his actions need to be emulated  islam can (and should) have a reformation, where the religion becomes more like the  Lutheran post-reformation Protestantism -- focused on establishing an individual's personal spiritual connection to god instead of a dogmatic "fatwa" driven doctrinal ideology that seems like a weird mashup of the worst elements of both communism and fascism, driven towards large communal "ummah"  and the thing is, islam can actually have a reformation easily because there are not huge monoliths in islam the same way there was an all-too-powerful catholic church  imho one can be a pious muslim following the five pillars and still be a goddamned fine believer/practitioner of western ideals    u/mody_birds what do you think
Confefe?  what the hell is that some made-up word or something? What is he like texting garbage? Do your research.
[deleted]
"I can't remember the crimes I didn't commit because of the brain damage I don't have"
Hey, fancy a 'covfefe' 😎
Not comparable.
Why is this post only 39 upvotes ahead you might ask?
You think you're hot shit
[deleted]
Was a lesbian thing but thank you :3
It's a long term plan.  Not saying we shouldn't do it, but there wouldn't be any change in pricing before Trump's second term ended.
*Barron lol
This is horse shit.
So it sounds like it was him giving people the "go ahead "?
Thanks
$$$$$$
This graphic is absolutely amazing. Great work, 'pede. o7
He knew what Skippy has buried under his garage
Do you see her body language change as soon as the question changes to a different topic? Relaxed, moving around, neck actually working, eyes actually blinking. What a fucking liar.
Because nobody cares about climate change, it's a complete and total non issue. The earth changes climate, it's normal. It's a politicized faux science that demands compliance with mockery and scoffing at peoples intelligence for not buying into it. You'll notice that climate change always comes bundled in with the government. Even if you removed America altogether we are responsible for like 1% of what supposedly is killing the Earth. If it were a science at all, then they wouldn't have had to change their prediction every 5 to 10 years when it turns out the opposite was true. Is it warming? Is it cooling? Yes. Since the satellites went up to measure ice on Earth, it has grown by 5%.
This dude is literally a meme machine.
Ah yes, because the world cares what the guy who won on Jeopardy thinks. Seriously, why are all of these nobodies being dignified with responses. Kathy Griffin is a Z list celebrity. Ken Jennings is an autist who won Jeopardy a few times and then had it rigged to revive the shows failing ratings. We should ignore him and let him go back to molesting children with his Church elders and writing creepy unsuccessful children's books.
The problem is that both sides point to science done by their own sides. I have a problem with the science that has shown for nearly two decades that we are mere "years" away from catastrophic events. Al Gore said 20 years ago that Venice, Italy would be underwater within a decade. How can I trust you if your math is so wrong.
I've seen people trying to rationalize it, though.  It's amazing. They think they can rationalize literally ANYTHING.
Of course it was bigger than a crazed fan doing it for attention. Same thing with John Lennon, although that was about the Lennon McCartney catalog.
than why wouldn't they invade the entirety of Vietnam themselves lol
[deleted]
Waterboarding time.
Right before the murder.
Can somebody tell me what the joke is?
It's almost as if this country was designed to be run by Us, The People, and not them, bureaucrat dynastic shitlords. If only someone had written it down back when the country was founded, some sort of document stating WHO the country should be run by, how The People of this country Should Govern Themselves, if only they had left us some sort of.. paper, with some words on it..
Politics is bad for business, unless youre a small business with only business to gain. I wonder if this will gain them any liberal business.
Spin, kick, cry, lie... it won't save you. Your time as a free person is just about up.
Maybe abortion isn't such a bad idea after all! /s
Just tell them that he's that Alpha that kicked their grandmother's ass back to the Stone Age. It doesn't hurt to tell the truth every ONCE in a while Chelsea...
I think Sessions will bring DOJ effin on Comey for perjury if he lies. Something tells me Trump has the tapes. The trap is set. Don't underestimate God Emperor!
 marketing genius
[deleted]
I just got banned from there an hour ago and I doubt I've ever even posted there.
He brings out the best in us 'pedes.
"Religion of Peace"
Please take your bigoted views elsewhere...
He was so based, car thiefs once *RETURNED* his car to him.   RIP Mr Rogers.
[removed]
"And a plague of frogs descended upon the wicked"
[removed]
Just our nature. Is what it is. The assault on manhood will wreck our culture. Sweden, for fucks sake. If that happens here, we're fucked.
Twitter is weaponized against freedom
It's some really weird shit, I saw a post about this stuff yesterday. Briefly looked at some videos and they're all weird and there's hundreds of them with millions of views. On top of that the comments on the videos are weird with single letter answers like a code. I think these guys are onto something. Save everything and keep this on the d/l. We need to figure this shit out and follow the leads before the beans get completely spilled.
[deleted]
#What difference, at this point, does it make?
RODEO CLOWN  O  D  E  O  C  L  O  W  N
Left had to pay bots to do the dirty work, so they assume we did the same. But we are so much stronger and smarter than that, we have PEPE power, DEPLORABLE heart and Trump-fuelled souls....NOTHING can stop us -not even the Muh Russians!
Isn't this guy from India? Aka a country that is not on the list.
Boom
I was 7 when the scandal occurred. I don't even remember hearing about it lol Which is the way it SHOULD be. Kids have better shit to do then to hear about politics. The real first political event I remember hearing about (minus 9/11 of course) was the 2004 election.
It's true, that 4chan guy mobilized the 20 gamergaters to hack her campaign website and explain how a cartoon frog was racist.
Red Stripe is an American adjuct lager.  An American lager that adds corn/rice to the mash.  The same style of Coors and Budweiser.  The corn and rice serve to give it a lighter, less flavorful taste and reduce production costs.   You know the joke about how American beer is basically water, that's actually what they aim for.  It is an inoffensive flavor that they can sell to a ton of people.  The downside is that is also sacrifices everything interesting about the beer.  They are very skilled beer makers to consistently churn out a product like that.  However, that also means their product is consistently boring and mediocre.  Killians and Yuengling are American amber ales (also called red ale) style.  Their flavor tends to be maltier and balanced.
It'll be like the Godfather (Pt. II) senate mob hearings.
I got a message saying I was banned from there the other day. Hadnt posted on that sub for months and I believe I mix up where I post pretty well. I also got a life time ban from r/news for saying Mr. Trump was the best candidate presented to the American people last election cycle and everyone should just give him a chance to do his job before wanting to draw and quarter him. I also posted trump has done more in 100 days than Obama did his entire first term. Probably didn't help my cause but I won't self censor my opinions.
Bingo.
🙏
Cereal is bad for you anyway. Easiest boycott ever. Make Bodies Great Again 💪💪
In the words of Kendrick Lamar: "Be humble. B*tch Sit Down!!!"
Ooooo, old Mercedes, what kind?
Cov fe'fe is Arabic for I will stand up  Cov and fefe could mean toxic prison sex  Or it's just coverage
#NO BRAKES
I love when my covfefe is Rich.
Well, she *does* belong to the official fuck up party.
#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#130439385117000)  #CURRENT SPEED: 130,439,385,117,000 MPH!  At that rate, it would take approximately 12.853 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!   ^^^^A ^^^^bot ^^^^by ^^^^/u/BotsByLiam. ^^^^Please [^^^^use ^^^^this ^^^^form](http://botsbyliam.com) ^^^^or ^^^^visit ^^^^/r/BotsByLiam ^^^^to ^^^^report ^^^^errors ^^^^or ^^^^make ^^^^suggestions!
I try to be neutral but let's just say I'm actually surprised when it turns out to be real.  Then feel stupid when it's proven fake in the end regardless.
I really don't know if this was some coded message that we'll find out the meaning of in a few weeks or if he's just trolling. Usually I can tell...but I'm completely lost this time haha
This woman has absolutely no truth in her.
Not a monster.  She is a loser.  big, fat, ugly loser.  Hated by her kids.
Duuuuuuuuuuuuude!!!! So effffin' DANK!!! This is definitively [TOP KeK!!!] (https://youtu.be/1ngNNSS0Zn4)
Covfefe &amp;lt;------ this one    Kek    Kek    Kek    Kek    Kek
This is frustrating. Obviously, there are many people who are being paid to let them go. Looks like people need to be replaced. The immigration is central. It's the globalists way to destroy this country. This is not going to be easy. The EO has to go to Supreme. People are still catch and release. And when trump was away, the doj went behind his back to increase refugees.  I really hate these people. They are doing everything they could to flood our country.
[deleted]
I'm 40 minutes out from there. It's much more country, theres a Hillary for Prison sticker by the walmart.
Done
Hello USDA? I'd like to report a talking side of beef.
[deleted]
Who needs the presidency when you have forest walks in Chappaqua?!
Yikes!  What is it?
White....your trigger is milk.
[deleted]
Here in the Bay Area, Northern California, it would be a complete waste since it would be impossible for the local media to go any further to the left.  I would be surprised if the media in communist Cuba were more biased.
Prepare the Gowdy.
Even my based kid, that is not on reddit but is Gen Z said the other day how awesome Wendys is now. She loves Wendys.   I worked there in my younger years and it's true. There is no microwaving involved. The bacon is fried up every morning on the grill, so are the burgers. Well, they are cooked as ordered so they are fresh.   I remember when I was working there, a young go-getter in high school. I was the fry cooker and determined to be the best fry cooker ever. And I was. I'm glad to see how based they are. Dave Thomas was an incredible man and he would be proud.
Let his church elders know that you're disappointed.   http://i.magaimg.net/img/nxc.png
It was really a no-brainer. The house came with tunnel access, a satanic dungeon, and a freezer stocked with gourmet walnut sauce.
I don't think so, Tim.
OK, Fess Up.....which of you was cooperating with the Macedonians?
I saw him in Nashville and told him, I too, enjoy his tweets.
It'a a shill plan to Ball and Chain the West into 3rd world nations. A wealth redistribution plan. They want to move industries to 3rd world nations for slave labor and no stupid regulations.
I am pretty good about stomaching things; I've seen a ton of crazy/horrible things on the internet in the past. For some odd reason these videos make me anxious and queezy. Strange...
Remember that they dropped milo over his "controversial" opinions.
This fucking meme magic is fucking crazy trump is literally a wizard with reality
Your submission was removed because it is from cnn.com, which has been identified as a severely anti-Trump domain. Please submit a cached link or screenshot when submitting content from this domain. We recommend using http://www.archive.is for this purpose.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
**Textbook corporatism.**
It's all about political control,they don't care if you're a Woman ,Gay or of color once you disagree with them.  THEY USE GAYS / WOMEN AND PEOPLE OF COLOR.  I hope these groups of American citizens wake up and see them for what they are,Tyrannical Commie Left Wing NWO .
How it's supposed to be done is outlined in the various articles. I seriously suggest you read it all. I'd be very curious to hear how for instance gender equality will keep the mean temperature down. I'd like to see the hockey-stick graph for that particular correlation, preferably outlined in a scientific paper and not some Buzzfeed article. Would also be interesting to hear why we once again should try to throw money at the developed world in order to solve their problems. So far, our money as only made the developed world waaaay worse. Our foreign aid money has so far only made farming unprofitable in the developed world, creating food shortages, starvation, and refugees. That's an example of counter productive.  Seriously, read all the agreement articles. You'll see why I think the Paris accord is globalist snake oil, wrapped in honeyed words.  As for Trump ignoring evidence, there is no way of telling yet whether he actually does. He's a master of persuasion. I mean he came from fucking nowhere and had a 1% chance to win the election. He spent half the money but worked twice as hard. Everybody was against him. And he still won! But he had to go through the Republican party to do it. For all intents and purposes, he's a third party candidate surfing on a Republican wave. Republicans generally either don't believe in climate change at all, or they doubt it is man made, or they are skeptical of federal government intervention as a means of combating it. Thus, Trump will have to take the same stance too in order to win the candidacy, the presidency, and the continued support of the Republicans. Does he believe what the Reps believe? I don't know. That's the thing, you never know with Trump.   All Democrats already believe though. And if anyone ever have to convince the Republicans to also believe, in order to create some sort of majority ruling, then I'm betting that Trump likely is the only one on this planet that will be able to convince them. Would Hillary be able to, you think? Because both parties need to agree in order to get to a majority. And last time I checked, the Republicans were inching their way torwards  a super-majority.
I honestly think (hope?) there would be mass demonstrations (riots)  if we don't get brexit. I, for one, would consider the UK no longer a democracy... I would try and move to America and, failing that,  kick off like a mother fucker.
Breaking: Samsung in Joint Venture with DNC to create new, safer, non-exploding polygraph machines!
I am pretty good about stomaching things; I've seen a ton of crazy/horrible things on the internet in the past. For some odd reason these videos make me anxious and queezy. Strange...
"The blue pill must be taken every day. The red pill need only be taken once." - Glorious Unnamed Shitposter
She's a Clinton, she'd be better off not having kids.
#YOU MEAN WITH A CLOTH?
Well, I hate hookers, but I vis... wait. Nevermind ;)
That spice was just right 🌶
It's larp nonsense. They're behind an easy to decode cipher, and the codes were posted in COMMENTS on some kids videos.   Furthermore the videos themselves contain metadata that straight up says "MKULTRA." Derp as fuck.
Yes Really Is. I Love Him So.
&gt;what else am I forgetting?  How about ~~to~~ yet to find?  *mobile
HE WAS WORKING ON VOTER OUTREACH (HE WAS)
Someone on customer support is gonna get a lot of spicy feedback. I dropped one too
She's so full of shit.
What the hell? Trump's older sons would fucking destroy that beta. I would love to see that!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Trump: Covfefe Clinton: Coughpeperacist
[deleted]
You haven't had a baby, have you? It is a wonderful experience and people shouldn't have to work and miss their children being born. Ultimately the government isn't paying an employer when a person has PTO.
They can't move past race. Thats all it is for them. So sad, considering we are the racists.
For Questions, please refer to /r/AskThe_Donald
He's right though, it's the MSM and Reddit that makes it seem like everyone hates Trump when in reality it's just the large DNC family that think this election was stolen from their leader HRC.   Of course there are many liberals that don't like him but normies see the type of people they are and just shake their head. Looking at you college students, smartest dumb people on the planet
 Don't forget Covfefe was a message to the Russians,  gotta keep that narrative running.
This statement makes the just-released House of Cards season seem incredibly creepy.  That's almost a line from the first episode.
The servants of the people must be held to a higher standard when we afford them such power over us.   If you don't like it, don't accept the job. With great power comes great responsibilities and there must be grave consequences. Don't screw over the people and your country for self gain and you'll be fine. Shit, they're rarely ever held accountable as it stands now. Big whoop, resign or lose an election and get a sweet private sector gig.   A negative for being so "civilized", think the banking execs would've fucked over millions of Americans and this country if there was a chance they'd swing from the noose like they did in China (or was it somewhere else?)? Think our elected officials would so brazenly fuck us over these past decades if there was actually accountability?
I would give your gold but I don't want to give spez any money have [this link](https://youtu.be/ZKDo4MbKB8k) instead.
He was in a hurry destroying the climate agreement, didn't have time to proofread... that's what happens when you have shit to do.
He did. Great man, he would be proud of Wendys today.
1 your comment is downvoted already 2 up vote for you!
They have a PR department. They should know how to spin this into something good.  It's tricky, because they should stay out of politics.  It a good Don Draper type could work it out
If that's the case I don't want to wake up.
Three Stooges Syndrome
BASED STAPLER MAN
they don't really care about women or people of color, they're USING them like props
I don't think Scott Adams gets that we don't really care what KG did for the most part.  We just saw it as an opportunity to troll the left in the way that they've been trolling conservatives for years without repercussions.  It's just like when t_d got Colbert attacked for his "homophobic joke."  We're using their own weapons against them.  We're not hypocrites.  We're pretending to be hyper-offended and going after their advertisers since that's what they did to Hannity and others.  We're essentially saying "If that's the way you cucks want to play, we can play the same game, and we're actually better at it than you are.  Faggots."
These are sick people. They need mental help/reconstruction
I'd help him stomp the mudslime thieves into the pavement first though.
Decades from now he will be in history books.  Hell, entire books will be written about him.
She didn't do the math.
Too cold.  ^Too^cold.
How does paid family leave for mothers and fathers cause an employer not to hire woman for the cost it will incur? That's what this woman is saying...   That's what paid maternity leave will cause, not paid FAMILY leave. Employers would have to only hire celibate single men to avoid the downfall she's talking about
Bill Clinton is a Rapist         Infowars.com
**WEAPONISED ADHD CAN BE PRETTY USEFUL TOO**
Don't laugh at the squatty potty ! It works. It's done wonders for my GI health issues. !
I have this picture of the two BBC articles in question but not sure how to get it to you. Don't feel like making an imgur account
[deleted]
This is pure bullshit. It sounds like a voice synthesized from the Team Fortress 2 announcer and the language is overly dramatic. Nice attempt at a creepy pasta but this might have the more sinister purpose of making us look like idiots.
Why not five bricks!
Wouldn't it be Vietnapede?
This is why conspiracy theories stay conspiracy theories.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 62522 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**  We are at **10.4383480731%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!  At this rate, the wall will be **729.364342587 MILES WIDE** and **325.421668129 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
[deleted]
This needs to be higher.
Recommend charges to DoJ, other than that, Congress can only issue a 'contempt' citation for hostile witnesses (which used to have weight, but after AG Holder's contempt, Obama just shrugged it off.)
Contempt
RACE IS A SOCIAL CONSTRUCT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
How did you manage to get that much jpeg so quickly?
twitter.com/Trav_McGee_/status/870069029066559488?s=09
She should be worried about explaining grandpa. By Thai I mean Bill not Webb.
I'm pretty sure it wasn't a typo.  Sean Spencer said in a press conference that a small group of people know exactly what it means.  I'm sure we will to eventually and the left is going to shit itself when they realize how popular they made it.
Even Roseann O'Donnell isn't this stupid and Rosie is a dumb stupid being.  I thought she had reached the limit of human stupidity and here comes Kathy.  Wow.
NSFW NSFL tags please
You got that right. See, according to Cocteau's plan, I'm the enemy. Cause I like to think, I like to read. I'm into freedom of speech and freedom of choice. I'm the kind if guy who wants to sit in a greasy spoon and think, "Gee, should I have the T-bone steak or the jumbo rack of barbecued ribs with the side order of gravy fries?" I want high cholesterol. I want to eat bacon, butter and buckets of cheese, okay? I want to smoke a Cuban cigar the size of Cincinnati in a non-smoking section. I wanna run through the streets naked with green Jello all over my body reading Playboy magazine. Why? Because I suddenly might feel the need to. Okay, pal? I've seen the future, you know what it is? It's a 47-year-old virgin sittin' around in his beige pajamas, drinking a banana-broccoli shake singing "I'm an Oscar-Meyer Wiener". You wanna live on top, you gotta live Cocteau's way. What he wants, when he wants, how he wants. Your other choice: come down here, maybe starve to death.
six point four million kekistanies get it the fuck right!
[deleted]
Of course there isn't!!!   This whole Russia-Trump crap was made up by the Dems after losing the election.
Blast these cucks Donald Jr! I know he browses in here lol
Ok then, appears legit. I'm fully OK with admitting when I'm wrong.   Have an uptrump, pede!  COVFEFE MOTHERFUCKERS
All in favor say "aye"  AYE
Same here
Yes, he did.  I heard on the radio the way the question was phrased gave him wiggle room.  They only asked about interference from DOJ or some such BS.  But I thought I remembered him saying he had "never" been influenced.  This is going to be a pretzel of a statement.  But I think Trump has the tapes.  He is falling into the trap.  MAGA!~
Remember this shit kids next time a liberal gives you grief about excusing Trumps bad behavior.  This MF'er was impeached for that shit and still served 8 full years in the Oval Office.
Lol.  We are already seeing regular people running for office in MA and CA.
I did too man!  High five! ✋
There you go 😘
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HAHAHAHA ARF ARF!!!
Hot hot hot
Ken Jennings is a cuck? Damn thought he was supposed to be smart.
&gt;Democracy Dies in Darkness  You tried.  \#HisNameWasSethRich
RC did nothing wrong. They are a classic cola. This is a false flag.
He was fucking hilarious and made so much sense! So much Hillary bashing in such a short time!
an imperialism based on american ideals is a form of globalism that is benevolent, because american ideals and vessels of propagation are just
So glad this jackass was fired. He is either complicit or inept.
http://i.imgur.com/xha0F28.png
twitter.com/Trav_McGee_/status/870069029066559488?s=09
I mean... he's not wrong.
the left is so concerned about keeping everyone on board that they are willing to abandon their principles and ignore assholes amongst their ranks   their crazy now have a very loud voice in the group.  Theyve driven long time Dem voters like me away. Lets see how long they can keep this up
What I love about this sub the most is that almost every day has several new topics that we are winning in.
This links nowhere with such an article, as far as I can tell.
I started trying to read that and was about to get a migraine from the stupid.  How the fuck can someone actually read that and agree?  It is chock full of no-effort conjecture and supposition that it's dizzying.
She wants The D
#[COMMANDER SPICY](http://media.breitbart.com/media/2017/04/sean-spicer-navy-commander-duty-April-2017-twitter-640x480.jpg)
I'm so confused. How did they decode that shit? And why is that "took me a few seconds to get the joke" repeated so many times?
Nasty "woman!" 🐳
Such a simple image compilation and yet so powerful.
Flopping around like a side of mastodon
Oh goody. Does that mean we get to arrest their financial backer for sedition?
Wow! Presidents get paid the big bucks! Or did he get that as a community organizer?
LOL! You know for sure it's covert communication when it's done publicly on Twitter.  Leave it to Dr. President Trump to make a mistake and still let it be a pawn in 4D chess.
Good catch
&gt; How Trump is chipping away at Obama's Legacy  That one sounds overwhelmingly positive, actually.
DRACARYS.
http://www.simonandschuster.com/about/contact_us
Yep, this.
http://www.simonandschuster.com/about/contact_us
Put two spaces in the end of the line, otherwise reddit eats it,   nom  nom  nom.  Nom,   nom,   nom.
The wife and I have found our 4 year old watching some weird shit on yt. We just kept her off youtube because they were really strange. She really liked them but they were just fucking weird. Her computer is next to mine now and she does not watch youtube anymore.
Corruption and natural born idiocy are not mutually exclusive. Idi Amin used to think that checks, in and of themselves, are currency and had no idea that you had to have bank deposits on the other end to cover them.
Wut
http://www.simonandschuster.com/about/contact_us
[deleted]
Such dankness in one comment. A+
LOL...if your on "THE DONALD"...you are absolutely partaking, fellow PEDE!
[removed]
I would watch it Pay Per View if it was on.
I'm not White, whatever that means.   I vote the best candidate no matter what the color or gender.   DJT outperformed every other one long before the election.  Including every President back to probably IKE.
[removed]
Unleash, the Gowdy!
For real! After I was redpilled in october, finding out that Roseanne was also on the train warmed my heart!
[deleted]
ITS NOT WORKING ANYMORE!!!
dude.....dont bring potter in this. lets just hate libtards together.
It's called lunacy.  You're a victim of your own mental derangement.
Not surprising. If people latched onto this and accepted it, we would have been inviting the devils right in.   I bet they want to turn the mid-west into the middle East
But much RUSSIANS!
Yo yo
Lost a lot of my stupid liberal so-called friends when I supported and Voted for Donald Trump in 2016.  Much better off without them.
Yeah definitely not Romas. Not Amish males either. Fuck leftists.
[deleted]
But this will make her look really bad if the right questions are asked. This whole thing is very interesting because usually the corrupt people control the white house. I have no idea how this works when the executive is under our control.
Maybe he doesn't see the same was as you on one issue... But this man backed Trump on most issues which are very unpopular among the majority of his peers. Gotta give him some cred!
They also get a free pass for several years. And even when the time comes for them to make due on their promises, you can't trust the data coming out of that country because the CCP is notorious for lying about such things.
Bingo
Probably not, but you can go to hell
The science of negotiations.
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHETHER OR NOT HE THOUGHT IT WAS REAL. EVEN IF HE KNEW IT WAS FAKE AND HIS FATHER WERE SITTING NEXT TO HIM IT'S DISTURBING TO SEE SOMEONE HOLDING A BLOOD SOAKED DECAPITATED REPLICA OF YOUR FATHER AS A YOUNG CHILD.
[deleted]
One day, people will realize half of the people talking about peace and tolerance and shit are faking it
giant FAILING pile of garbage
[deleted]
Oh my word can you imagine Zeus getting fed up with people being little bitches??
If she pleads the fifth it will only make her/them look more guilty.
Clinton Obama?
Thanks, the vague bell is ringing.
&gt;"So Trump becomes the nominee and he is basically handed this tried and true, effective foundation," Clinton said.   Are you fucking kidding me? The Republicans DID EVERYTHING IN THEIR POWER to NOT make him the nominee, and only AFTER he was nominated did he drag THEM along for the ride! WTF, lady?!
S
Is this the closest she comes to blaming Obama or is that inevitable?
Read the comments. It's reoccurring.
They're leftist concern trolls that why. Not even close to Romas. Fuck you both.
CA, PA, NY, NJ  Typical Limousine Liberal. Never ventures outside of liberal states. I wonder if she's ever been to any other state in the last 10 years.
Bitch she lost by wayy to many states.  She just had really bad sources and they had no idea how america was actually going to vote.  Trump won, GG Hillary you are now irrelevant to the rest of the world.
He brought it up just before the break. Keep watching...
Celebrating Our Victory For Ever &amp; For Ever
Damn good pizza, too!
Um.. My best friend's sister's boyfriend's brother's girlfriend heard from this guy who knows this kid who's going with the girl who saw Sean pass out at 31 Flavors last night. I guess it's pretty serious.
What do you get when you have a conspiracy fan do a LARP? You get a LARPer that connect all their favorite theories with a lot of details.
[deleted]
100% correct. But, the major News Media Outlets will never report this!
Directly or indirectly that bitch is gonna spill the beans and the rice. Too many from her admin before her have taken the 5th or lied.     Headlines would be "Every single Obama admin has pleaded the 5th in suspected felonious dissemination of classified material pertaining to espionage of citizens, political parties, and allowing private entities access to the info"   Grand jury in the near future seems reasonble
[Redacted]
Was he watching TMZ?
Yep. Saw that.
I no speak patriotism
Couple million shitposters, FIFY
Fuck I should have thought of this. Old School is one of my favorite movies.   Spez: typo
I bet that once she gets indicted she will suicide her self, a real suicide.
What a POS.  Punch back twice as hard, folks.
Most of the Hollywood photographers are from what I've gathered. After living in LA nothing surprises me. So many girls have their families uproot their entire lives trying to make it as singers/models/actresses there. Often coming from very poor cities. Usually around 16 or 17 and within a year they all have some millionaire producer "boyfriend" that is their foot in the door in the industry promising them the world while nothing ever materializes except their "relationship" which only exists maybe once or twice every couple weeks when they are in town as a new piece of side ass. Meanwhile their family all work several jobs to make ends meet while these predators prey on innocent families that have fallen for the broken promises of the succulent riches of their success that never surfaces as they drown themselves in debt as their daughter's dreams slowly fizzle out behind the apron as they smile at the customer they are serving, hoping that one day their "fake it until you make it" mentality finally shines through, as they get passed from producer to producer "boyfriends" to simply be used, abused and tossed to the side on to the next.    The entire city is a coked up whore house of shallow broken dreams. I don't miss it.
[removed]
Eastern KY's topography, a culture self sufficiency, and the small handful of river crossings into Central KY make it a perfect place to stand up to the coastal elites if they get too far inland.
Wasn't that fitful description for the left? They treat too large a proportion of comrade as pawns, and operate  thinking college would supply endless amount  of them yearly, but the supply with drying up with the internet age red pulled Gen Z apparently it seems.
[deleted]
WHAT DIES IT EVEN MATTER?!!!
RICED THE FUCK OUT!
OMG, Phuc is sitting there with his hands on his knees he must fucking hate Drumpf.  Great we're probably going to have to invade Vietnam again and I doubt any of our allies will help us.  We're fucked guys!  Fucking fucked!  Me: it actually went well they signed a trade deal.  Lib/MSM: oh god serious.  That was a terrible war and Trumps kissing their asses?  Go figure.  Another dictator pulling Trumps strings.  Me: They're communists, you guys like that right?  Lib: That's not real communism!
&gt;The Hill reports that the Tweet contained no typos  Source on that? Can't seem to find it. I found one article quoting Spicer saying "he meant exactly what he said" or something that effect. Not seeing anything else.
He's a good man.
TOP covfefe
AT THIS POINT, WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES COVFEFE MAKE?????????
Turkey has a desperate need of roach motels.
Having a child is a choice... not a requirement.  As /u/lukerobi said, plan for it.   Save up PTO.   I am in local government, by law, my employer can't tell me I can't go to required meetings, but they don't have to pay me.    I could see the same for family medical leave... you can't be prevented for reasonable absence due to childbirth but there's no damn reason the employer should have to pay you to go due to a choice you made.
Fuckin bump
**You like-a Flied Lice?**
I'll take "memorizing tons of useless shit doesn't make you smarter" for 500, please.
only islamists think islam was great  during the age of conquests and caliphates
They will have to re-film his commercials where he is the confident ass-kicker and the big, strong guy is an effeminate liberal.
The bad guys know their days are numbered, they must do everything they can or they will all hang (didn't Hillary say that). Everyone should be proud of what we've accomplished by electing Donald J Trump as president and vow to keep the fight going on President Trumps behalf. Is there a recording of McCabe and Comey plotting an assassination?
Clinton Ordered Vince Foster Executed Faked Evidence
$4.9 billion in taxpayer subsides and counting.
Guy should've just stopped talking and beat their fucking asses in like he said.
That wheelchair warlock is their leader, commanding them telepathically.
Thank you! Some historical literacy is a breath of fresh air.
Foolish side of beef, the internet never forgets (read in Big Man Tyrone voice)
I am a biology grad who cares about the environment--including the plastic and acidification and the disturbances in the ocean as well as overfishing--and I still support research into climate change (if not the current actions being advised at large).   But today has been quite the eye-opening day for me.
[deleted]
#SHE attacks her OWN child   #ROSIE IS A BAD PERSON
Fucking brilliant! Congratulations!
Donna Brazile.
Moloch?
Or an IED.  MY GAWD MY SIDES!  You umm.... You escalated that QUITE a bit y'know?
Uh why was the internet against her? Because she's an awful and corrupt person. and by the internet I believe she meant Americans.
Yea, I was also about to say something similar likely happened in MD.
"Debunked" ?
#Huwhites
It's a shame, lets make our first strike at the globalists with what we can hope will be a beneficial Brexit,deal or no deal, then hopefully we become more progressive in realising real threats.  If UKIP need to make a resurgence in 4 years then they will, there are still fights to be fought.
#BY GAWD SHE HAS A FAMILY
Why Do White Beta Males hate themselves so much?
So true
[deleted]
Top Covfefe!
So Hillary Clinton spews elaborate conspiracy theories, without evidence, accusing the President of the United States of colluding with a foreign entity and accuses Russia of interfering with our election. Not a word from the MSM.   Trump says he was wiretapped (after the MSM said he was wiretapped) and the MSM deletes their old articles and adds "without evidence" to the end of every mention of Trump's wiretapping claim and denies that it ever happened (also without evidence).  I don't know how much bigger of a redpill there can be than looking at the media reaction to the claims by Clinton and Trump.
What memo?  Have you seen Comey's memo?  What makes you think it really exists?
This is unbelievable that guy bot bashes President Trump 24x7
Yeah, IIRC Biden said she was not a "great" candidate.
She was a ploy to distract from Seth Rich..
I just posted this.
Why should she be forgiven when I know for a fact they wouldn't forgive our president
SMOKE WEED EVERYDAY.
Yup. You're banned from a few subs just for posting here.
[removed]
lots of situps and plenty of juice?
Either works.  I thought about it.
Is this real? The left has gone so nuts I can't tell anymore.
She's pretty radioactive at this point. One can only hope that no one ever gives her the chance to make a mistake like this again.
I'm done. No more bitch Kellogg's.
This
OH TOPPEST KEK! SAVAGE! I don't like falafel either...
CNN: Radicalized white male from The_Donald posts hit list of philanthropists.
[deleted]
did you assume our bot gender?
Yup.
&gt; Passengers say they were then forced to wait on the tarmac for an hour and 20 minutes before police came on board the plane.  Get it together, Aussies. The passengers were the heroes and the police were hiding for over an hour before taking action?
[deleted]
Maybe because they are
"Beam me down, Scotty, you Scottish misogynist racist fuck. I'm headed for a Khan meet-up to rid the galaxy of the same Russian troll satellites that Putin has implanted in my head."
Amazing how it swept around so fast.
Yes sanctuary makes it sound like they're providing refuge to oppressed people or something... like the underground railroad... when in fact they are providing refuges for criminals, many of them violent.
Wow, how often does CNN give someone from the CATO Institute top billing? lol  Desperate to attack President Trump at all costs ...
Lol, why you mad tho?  Edit: I pray to **GOD** this post makes it to the front page of this sub, just because of how salty it would make you.
Top kek!
Blue collar Memerica hard at work.
Left a note. Thanks for the link!
Hmmm, that must mean its time to start the "resist" party, where it's always ok to hit a deplorable, with brave Hillary leading the way! I wish this was sarcasm. There is an earlier post saying the Soros riots start in July.
[removed]
A fragmented human being perhaps?
Covfefe cannot be *explained.*  Covfefe can only be *felt.*
I wouldn't even call her a 90s candidate. She's Nixon with lipstick and less charm.
Let's make that Former Managing Editor.
"Anti-American city"
Comey said. "Not in my experience, because it would be a big deal to tell the FBI to stop doing something without appropriate purpose. We’re oftentimes — they give us opinions that we don’t see a case there, and so you ought to stop investing resources in it, but I’m talking about a situation where we were told to stop something for a political reason, that would be a very big deal. "
S
Ethnicity: *50% Ashkenazi Jewish *25% British Isles (English and Scottish) *25% Filipino  [Source.](http://ethnicelebs.com/rob-schneider)  I'm not sure how credible it is.
You and me both. Same sub too.
Also how about we reveal the crimes of Hillary and Obama and exonerate Trump of this Russia bullshit too. Seth Rich will spark ALL of this.
makes sense, given how many state and local seats were Democrat just 8+ years ago, and now are GOP. Barack Hussein Obama turned the Democrat Party into the party of Islam, socialism, and transvestites.
[deleted]
Dont take this the wrong way... but i love you
Don't fuck with us or we'll meme you to death!
Bullies an 11 year old child on the internet. What a beauty.
I know...sad Pepe.  But it does show Trump's integrity that he did not have Spicer call her out during the press conference.
Guilty!
You don't need that much common sense to realize CNN would only include an article by someone who works at CATO if it opposes Trump.   Why did CNN stop posting articles supporting family leave?  Because it's in Trump's budget.
Can't lie...I think she was purdy.
Love that line half way down "Missing out on the latest scoops?" HAHHAHAHA NO ICE CREAM FOR HILLARY SATAN!
Most Excellent !
[deleted]
There's a lot of weird videos targeted towards young children on YT. It makes me uncomfortable.
it's the atomic numbers for the elements Co V Fe Fe which are 27 23 26 26. If you Google search 27232626 the top result is for a scientific article "A Single Transcriptome of a Green Toad (Bufo viridis) Yields Candidate Genes for Sex Determination and -Differentiation and Non-Anonymous Population Genetic Markers."
Isn't he buddies with Epstein and was on the Lolita Express?
Ebo-erpes.
reminds me of number stations
What is this a reference to?
She said content farms like we were created by an outside force.
The term "fat lard" will never not be funny to me.
This is why she lost. She has absolutely no idea how to be popular (even ignoring her horrendous crimes). Even my die-hard HRC voting wife was disgusted with her when I showed her this article. HRC is almost single-handedly winning people over on Trump by being a sore loser and spewing bullshit.  If she was smart she'd have gone to ground, hoped the deep state sabotage worked and then reemerged in late 2018 to begin an "I-told-you-so" campaign. Instead she's evaporating any sympathy she had, pissing off liberals who were already tempted to blame her for the loss and throwing every ally she has under the bus for her loss. She's either an idiot or she's panicking.
Eli5: how covfefe can only be felt?
according to ElRushbo, it actually IS a treaty, altho publicized as the Climate Accord.
I want that shark shirt
I'd like to see YOY numbers too. See if they are on pace to beat previous records.
He brought it up about 10 minutes ago. Stay tuned....
You all would get to keep your national identity, and still hold onto the Monarchy, if you're all that sentimental, but I think we could go for that. Has there been a petition for this yet?
Welcome to the club Dershowitz. Before long you'll be transformed into a Trump supporter. 👌
What is the context of this grab? Is there a video?
A lot of cucks on the Senate Intel Committee, especially Burr. If any of these people are your Senators (R):      Richard Burr - North Carolina     James Risch - Idaho     Marco Rubio - Florida     Susan Collins - Maine     Roy Blunt - Missouri     James Lankford - Oklahoma     Tom Cotton - Arkansas     John Cornyn -Texas  Contact their offices and ask them to ask Comey:  1. Why did he say he was never felt pressure to end the investigation  in a previous hearing? Is the memo made up?  2. Why did he knowingly act on fake evidence from Russia during his July decision to drop the Hillary private server investigation? Why did he then go on to mislead Congress about that intel and not say it was fake? 3. If he felt like the Obama DOJ was compromised, wouldn't that mean he himself was obstructed by the previous administration? 4. Did he keep memos of conversations with Obama? If not, why and does this mean he was bias against Trump and wanted to take him down? 5. What connections do you and your family have or have had with the Clintons?  6. Did the increased in unmasking revealed by the FISA court have to do with spying on the Trump Campaign? 7. **Why did you offer to write an Op-Ed for the Washington Post about possible collusion between Trump and Russia? Was this after reading the unverified dossier from a former British agent?  Is this not clear political interference?**
Damnit. Now I have to sell my Rockhopper...
About to write a snail mail letter to Alex Trebek explaining I will no longer watch Jeopordy until the show disavows Jennings and cut ties with him.  I feel like Alex is the type of guy that appreciates a classic snail mail letter.
How do people this stupid have a job?
https://twitter.com/megrimlock4/status/870011905368236032
The funniest part is when they site California's six week policy as being more expensive for employers. (It's not) In fact, the entire 6 weeks (which I actually think might be able to be extended) is part of the FMLA which the state pays for. So they file with the state, the employer does nothing but have HR reply to a form the state sends and the employee is taken care of. It costs the employer nothing but some time off for that employee, which for small businesses admittedly can be tough, but most small businesses also see those people as family and are happy for them as well.    So more covfefe from CNN.
[deleted]
A little bit of both. Think of employer sponsored health care. You will pay a dividend of the cost, however they will cover a majority. There will be a standard percentage that they will mach up to a maximum per period.  It can be drawn at any time and is handled by an outside company
Can you imagine having to pay for access to a special manual that tells you when you are allowed to watch a program on a cable account that you already pay $80/month for? And without it, you never know what shows will be on which channel at what time?
Yeah, sorry was trying to be funny. Obviously didn't take.
Oh very cool. Agriculture is solid, weather permitting. My Uncle got chased out of farming by the Organic fad, which killed California farmers. Now he just owns Cotton Gins, makes it easy.  Geological survey is going to be less in demand as reserves diminish, and Petroleum and Chemical engineers are going to be the ones designing and implementing new technology to get out of known deposits that just can't be extracted. My intro PetE class was many years ago, but I think it's something like 60-70% of known petroleum is not recoverable with current technologies? Which is honestly bonkers and can only improve from here.  I should have stayed with that major. And in that state.
Gotta be closing in on 200 or just over it. There was like 60 yesterday in... Kabul? And we were around 100 before that.
Chelsea, stop lying, you're ruining your nose job honey.
His best speech IMO
What an odd timeline. Going from thinking Rob Schneider is an obnoxious tool (albeit woke on the vaccine issue), to *actually* liking the guy.
LMAO
If we could just get Piers to come around on guns I might think about trusting him
It's not.   TWO
[deleted]
This is my problem with GW. The climate change fad lost me long ago after their nth time of changing the narrative and outright altering facts by fudging data. Top it off with the fact that all they want to do is guilt people who question them. And their solution? More tax dollars. It's a fucking joke. Yeah the science is settled.... by them.... because they literally made it up. If the science was settled, they wouldn't have to parrot it all day every day.
Looks like a raging pedo, guy is fucked in the head.
Derpity-derp a-tumble-a-derpy-dum.  Rated PG13
Can I get a side of beef with that?
#LAND WHALE
Oh ok! I remember that lol I thought you meant literally destroyed like it fell on top of him like a domino lmao
[deleted]
I sent them my concerns.   Here's what I sent if anyone's interested:  I have heard that Ken Jennings is a children's book writer that publishes his books through your company. I have also seen a tweet made by him making fun of our president and his son. In his tweet he says: “Barron Trump saw a very long necktie on a heap of expired deli meat in a dumpster. He thought it was his dad &amp; his little heart is breaking.” This is disgusting and no one should make fun of a child like this, especially after how Kathy Griffin scared Barron Trump by making him think his father was in danger. I hope you know the right thing to do and will drop any contact with this author.
 Put it in the Rice!
I agree, he was just fired, has even less to lose than before. Him testifying against President Trump is a real possiblity (also he's still owned by the Clintons/Globalists)
Remember folks, there's more than one leaker. Craig Murray says he accepted documents from an intermediary source. These people are probably still alive today and have inside knowledge on the leaks.
her answer to those questions will be "I don't remember"
Looks like Kathy reacted badly to the Covfefe: check out this blind item about what happened behind the scenes:  http://blindgossip.com/?p=85544#more-85544  "She started crying. She was really worried about her personal safety. She does not think she was wrong. She was just scared about all the threats and wanted to make them stop. That’s why she backed down."
No wonder her kids hate her with the passion of a thousand burning suns.
#1. She can't beat her daughter with the ugly stick any further.
&gt;Writes children's books  &gt;enjoys bullying an 11 year old   How does that works?
the tides are turning
Still?
Mom, are you sure the stain on the blue dress was just sour-cream?
When was this one from?
Seriously he could have 24 hour content and I would watch it all. What an excellent human and organization
Yeah, wake up. We are you allies, the only allies you have left. The media and "your party" are your enemies.
The holy month of Ramadan happens to be during the 365 bacon days of the year.
Marketing done right. Why is it so hard for other companies like the USAA to understand that not bowing to cucks and catering to their fee-fees is a winning strategy?
Herpola.
As if the GOPe ever had a shot at matching the nimbleness of Trump's legion of shitposting centipedes.  They were too busy waiting on their guaca bowles to ship.
I bet he's got nipples the size of pepperoni's too
REEEEEEE00110011000
Ooh spicy!
Thanks! I just contacted the man via FB, as well as on their official webpage. Do you have a link to where he mocked the troops? My husband is AD and I would love to add fuel to my fire.
Is this real or 9d? Either way I love it
Literally a year? Trump has only been in office less than 6 months.
 Nope, Bigfoot.
Liberals HATE him!
I love when it is pouring covfefe!
the baby with spiderman video was lol
Best part about this.... the lack of, "See you at the top of the_donald"
The Left is the Left.  They are always the same.  They are the ones who sent untold masses of dissenters to the gulags in the USSR and they are the ones who caused the deaths of 10's of millions in the "Great Leap Forward" in Communist China.  Modern Leftists are usually so stupid, they think they are the first to think this way.
He was asking what it mean't and that he was going to discuss it. Sorry for my typo...Tucker Carlson***
&gt;She's Nixon with lipstick and less charm.  She doesn't have a single fucking iota of charm.
Hillary's Guide on How to Destroy the Democratic Party
Seth was July right?
#STATUS: LAD
Liberals don't lock their doors or use alarms anyway. NO WALLS, NO BORDERS
Aren't those all the same thing?
People think it has something to do with these weird kid videos They exist for no outwardly apparent reason Five spiderman heads, color-coded, each color is mentioned by the TTS voice in those other videos "Red., your trigger is such and such" It'll be like, a phrase, or a movie title  https://youtu.be/npAVv4KrV7Q  edit:  This channel has five million subs Vids have millions of views Almost certainly bots  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6sSkkemzPjmrzS0Y0V_2zw/videos
Stop it! If I keep laughing this hard at work, someone will look at my screen and my cover will be blown!
Seriously though, was this intentional or just meme-magic at work?
 Please clap..
If it is i am sorry but i saw it and had to share lol their is another twitter account for them
The Mona Lisa isn't smiling.
We love our interacial lesbian hookups, Dont we folks!?
We need a pede to put together a deck of cards like they had in Iraq. We could include them all. I'd buy a deck!
Is there such a thing as retroactive impeachment and Senate conviction? The House can censure Obama, but I want something more. I want all the bennies he gets from being a former President taken away from him, including his SS protection.
Fucking retards
Back on topic folks... Don't let this die and slide...
It's an inevitability for a rational thinker in our modern American political climate.
Ollie North and Iran contras really made me see the 5th as an admission of guilt.
Ooh I can't wait till they learn the word 'impeached'.
That is shameful! I support these people In The subreddit but I can't support other people In this subreddit? Shameful.
Aiya, those downvotes. They also  probably got triggered by your name, OP.
Dershowitz is a pedophile and a shit person. But, he's a useful idiot as long as he keeps making these statements. The more people realize that liberals are idiots and hate anything that doesn't confirm their biases and world-view the better.
[deleted]
Rwanda, Osama bin laden missed opportunity...
[removed]
Cyka Bylat. I am activated!!!
Probably his balls grew bigger.
GOOD. The acceptance of brazen racism against whites is completely out of control and it needs to fucking stop. Whoever it was that came up with the ridiculous, and quite frankly, dangerous idea that non-whites can't be racist deserves to be fucking covfefe'd.
Well that makes a little more sense.....
start waterboarding them.
90's pedes will remember the Pretty Hate Machine.
Well, I DO have a Russian-American friend. Hi Umed! I am BEST American!
#TO THE TOP
FLOTUS is a class act.
Top kek
That pretty much sums it up. And the chans too.
Haven't bought any of their products since they pulled ads from Breitbart!  I never realized how many items they made until I started paying attention.  I have two boys, so they've problem lost out on a couple hundred $$ from our family alone.
There was a comment on here last night that gave the definition as: news coverage who's primary purpose is to play to your feelings in order to advance an agenda.
I think you mean DAMN commie!   - I may be a Russian bot but this was still done freely.
Keep it up. We need people to see that Comey said that under oath.
 &gt;It's a Canadian company  Fucking Canadians.
Wait, I thought we were Russians bots. Now we're the RNC?
It was a year ago the IG Report dropped (long before DNC Leak and Podesta email), it was extraordinarily frank in its criticism of HRC's judgement and leadership at State.  She is one of the few candidates that could survive that.  I was convinced the DNC Coronation would steamroll ahead in May '16.
[removed]
God damn Fucking right..
We have the nicest elongated metameric creatures, don't we folks?
Username doesn't check out
That is not fair to tar or feathers.
Yeah, there are about 6 out there and none are checkmarked.
Emailed them
Dontcha?
https://idraintheswamp.com/?s=Susan+rice
Make sense. I hope you are right.
&gt;Can confirm I own but one dong and it has ~~grown~~ expanded exponentially.   FTFY
Someone forgot to tell that guy that you don't have to be racist to be racist.
[deleted]
The kinds of stuff conservative gals have friends and family to talk about in private
Covefe. Co V Fe Fe
If I wanted to taste some incompetence I would buy RC Cola shares right now (or whatever the company's name making these is).  Where is their blue checkmark anyways?
Macron was groomed, in more than one way.
He has a good weekly trivia game via email but otherwise a huge cuck
I have a Stumpjumper and a Tarmac. Apparently they forgot the right cycles too.
Wozers... This picture measures a cool 1 Billion on the Scoville scale. Our experts agree, dankness of this magnitude could only exist in the very best of timelines.
YOU LIKE THAT, YOU FUCKING RETARD?
It's just pattern recognition, I doubt Trump had a chemist make a secret code to reveal a scientific article about toads to his followers
Well, he has done some pretty provocative photoshoots with high school age girls.
Even toilets refuse to swallow this woman's shit
#COUGHING FIT.  PANTS OF SHIT
Nasty Fat Cunt.
HE WILL PHUC YOU UP!!!  &lt;/tropic thunder&gt;
God CNN are such scumbags
So you're the one buying it :o  Should host an AMA
its yiddish for im going to sleep
Make them play by their own rules.
They literally ignored the fact that it's for men AND women, ignored the fact that it would be state sponsored, and then assumed that every employer in the country would use this as an excuse to discriminate against women. Projection much?
dang it I share a church with some vile people.  I'm definitely contacting simon and Schuster this guy has to learn.
Burn🔥
Been banned for months.  My accounts probably considered a bot.
Oh no! If we've lost the furries, we've lost America!
I have never heard of them.  I will check them out.  Centipedes always lead me the right way!
Hillary is nothing but a Side of Beef
Fair enough.... well if he was slow then.
If if if if if if if if if if if
Just move on to the next lie.  CNN credentials enhanced.
&gt; Yep, same thing with Chelsea Clinton criticizing her on Twitter. Cuckerberg is also going on a tour to all 50 states  The PR firm Chelsea has running her Twitter account and the PR firm that has Cuckerberg touring factories is the scariest thing in politics we've seen recently. They are being anointed to be handed senate seats by our permanent political caste. Our country will be truly fucked with people like that at the helm.
[deleted]
Damn straight. We changed the world my friend.
I'm being facetious and crude with my phonetic interpretations.  One man's humour is another man's "WTF?".  *If it's pronounced like "win" ...  "Win One Fuck"?*  *I'm awful and I should feel awful.*
[deleted]
Omg amazing. Cant wait for these fuckers to go down
Really makes you think
Good. Twice the funding, double the fall.
I'm still waiting to see how many of those were cast by illegals and dead people before we give up on CA
I remember it being over near the store-brand soda (we called it "pop" where I grew up) and away from the Pepsi and Coke families, so I've always thought of Shasta as a "B-list" or "C-list" soda. My folks were very thrifty, so Shasta was about all they'd buy, apart from either Mug or Dad's root beer -- whichever was on sale.
You are HIV Covfefe
My eyes start welling up and my nose started dripping intensely because I was trying to fight back tears. Seriously, what the hell is this? I have goosebumps and I can't stop grinding my teeth.  I dare say that's enough internet for today.  *edit* Why. The. Fuck. Is. This. Post. Reset. To. Zero. Upvotes.
Not sure what you're getting at, fam. haha 😅
Best timeline with salty HRC instead of president HRC.
I disagree.  Our sword and shield is truth and humor.  Wield them proudly.  Do not debase yourself
[deleted]
Oh fuck off. This is just stupid internet art or a trick by a shill to make us all look retarded for freaking out over nonsense videos.
So what is the point? Why have these if nothing can be done about it?
Way to ruin perfectly good cigars... What a chode.
[deleted]
#ALONGSIDE
The author had some good (but long-winded) unpacking of how things happened. But as soon as they get to the part of explaining why they totally flub it like all liberals do. They somehow think they are being logical when they paint the GOP and Trump as unpopular and incompetent and yet blame their loss to those same people as simply an unpredictable and unfortunate turn of events.  The truth that no liberal will admit is that the majority of the country hates modern liberalism and modern liberals. Normal Americans hate PC culture. They hate the idea of socialism. They hate illegal immigration. They hate that every liberal city is a  cesspool of corruption and crime. They hate the liberal arrogance. And, most of all, they hate fucking Barack Hussein Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton who are the poster children of arrogance, corruption, and incompetence in office.  The GOP's platforms are, for the most part, shit. But, that's a damn sight better than what the DNC was offering. They seriously ran a campaign touting the man voted by a liberal newspaper as the worst president since WWII before he had even done half of the worst shit. To top it off they ran a candidate who was instrumental in many of Obama's worst fuckups, married to a rapist, and who was possibly the most corrupt person alive today. Wonder why they lost?
LOCK HER UP!!!!!
Always a victim. America would be the next victim
Lol killshot!
Same lol
I'm the same way
[deleted]
[removed]
Your comment was automatically removed because you used a non-approved image host.  Please use http://magaimg.net/ or https://imgur.com/  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
The seizure glasses in the last panel had me cracking up
I usually get Post Raisin Bran when it's on special at Costco. Almost has too many raisins in it.
DAMN LEMONADE TURNING THE KIDS GAY
The DNC and Perez are starting to have House Parties to gin up a summer of rage against Trump.
Still calling her crooked ! I love this man
[deleted]
because we have google, reddit, twitter, facebook, amazon, the internet giants, under our control...
wow, great job
It really is a shame. I enjoyed the show and the whole universe they created, but Whedon is an insufferable cunt now.
They're retarded females, what else could they do?  Lol.
LARP
Yep. This jumped out at me right away. He now sees the ACLU for what it really is for. Huge red pill right there.  &gt;I have no choice because traditional civil liberties groups such as the ACLU have become part of the partisan problem; they, too, subordinate civil liberties to agenda-driven political results.
I know college isn't ever 'free' but what is the situation in the United Kingdom? I've heard the tuition is low but how is the United Kingdom able to sustain this? Is it through inserting student's tuition into taxes or some other means?
Kek
The guy above you is right, let's not work against freedom of speech just for the sake of bringing down the enemy. It's the left side that's been pushing this idea that every other word could potentially inspire violence... let's not go down that road and validate that mindset
[deleted]
Sad because some minorities really are treated unfair but it's become a game of brownie points.  So it's "PC" now.
🔥BURN🔥
Love it, except for the top definition. This is the definition liberals use. And there is nothing irrational about fearing Islam.
We have the best workers, don't we folks?
I was shocked
😭
DON'T USE DRAINO TO DRAIN THE SWAMP, USE COVFEFE!!!
They'd probably not ban you then cause that's what you want, just to be bitchy about it.
Even if it's clearly marked as opinion they're monsters. They only are against it now because trump is for it.
I agree with him on this. Today gave me a much-needed laugh.
Good to know...  I don't have any opinion about him at all. Just thought it was a great opportunity if he was struggling.
You earned your stripes soldier. We'll take it from here. OO-RAH!
If you claim a right to another man's labor, you make that man your slave.   Notice that your right to free speech is your right to speak your mind - at your own expense, and by your own power - and not the right to have your speech published in the failing New York Times, because that would make the NYT your slave.   Notice that your right to *bear* arms is your right to own and acquire them - at your own expense, and by your own power - and not the right to arms, which would make gun manufacturers your slave.   That said, I think this paid family leave might be a good idea given the demographic crisis and the fact that westerners are no longer reproducing at sustainable levels. But people who have a strict interpretation of natural human rights, and a strong aversion to slavery, really rankle at labeling society's every whim a "right". It's also a sneaky language tactic by leftists to redefine (yet another) word to mean &amp;lt;some variation on communist doctrine&gt;.
#REKT
I must be having trouble with my rice cooker. The Rice is still undercooked. Wut do?
Something weird going on. Did you see Elon Musk announced he would stop working with Trump if we leave the Paris Accord. Its like the globalists are setting something up...
5500 is a lot less then 2 million plus
Probably in all honesty the fifth of never
I'm also pretty sure he doesn't, rather wouldn't make spelling mistakes either.  When it happens it garners quite a bit of attention because lefty clowns can't help themselves but shit on him and spread what he tweeted.  They're too stupid to realize the message still gets through loud and clear.   And to more people than would normally see it.
Haha  I've missed him calling her Crooked Hillary.
For what? Demonstrating free speech?
#SIDE OF BEEF
I'm no leader. I do what I have to do. Sometimes, people come with me. All I want to do is bury Cocteau up to his neck in shit and let him think happy-happy thoughts forever.
If Kellyanne is a reptile then call me a herpetologist.
ASS
#cant stand up she has to sit
Oh look another anonymous source. The only Anon I trust at all....4Chan
[deleted]
#CONGRATS
MSG overdose makes one collapse like side of beef
I know right? I don't understand where that comes from lmao.
Wasn't there one where they claimed having a better economy was bad because it caused more traffic deaths?
Ś
WHUP TEE DOO!
Keep your eyes on the nooses that have shown up at the Smithsonian African-America History Museum lately.  Wouldn't be surprised if the end up on the list.
Exactly and now crowdstrike is refusing to work with congress
Not a fan of his work, but I'm sure he's a good person.
That pic is 👌👌👌
I have many regrets too, first that it took me so long to find this forum.  And Second,  after voting I had to fly to Disney so I didn't get to enjoy the party when he Trump won!  But you bet your ass I'm all in now through the next 8 years,
I don't wanna grab that.
[deleted]
Wouldn't be surprised to hear Malcolm consulted as a technical advisor for the photo shoot.
I think #3 under islamophobia is a Christopher Hitchen's quote not Cummings.
SHITPOSTER IN CHIEF BRINGING THE BANTZ
I thought it was Russia and Comey....dementia is setting in
[removed]
The notion is NOT that Obama killed or worked with Sirhan, but rather that he was carrying out the PLO agenda and aligned himself with those that were intellectual kinsmen of those who hated Bobby.   The other notion is that the real war on terrorism began before 9-11, it began with Sirhan.   Edit: that is a Crimson pill.
I posted this today on fb. Oh, the salt was delicious and the reeeeeeeees just kept coming 😂
 It's bad bro.
You would think someone with kids of their own would be a little more conscience of what they write about someone else's kids.
No, brother.  The Neocons cannot invade Kekistan for we have already infiltrated THEIR highest and lowest offices of power.  HRC is a dead woman walking on borrowed time and stolen organs.
This is your brain on leftism.
I would join Twitter just to tell her to stfu but I don't want to join Twitter so...   Hillary: shut the fuck up already.
If this is real, wow the left is gonna shit brick factories.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 62536 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**  We are at **10.4401558445%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!  At this rate, the wall will be **729.458218987 MILES WIDE** and **325.423364599 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
[removed]
Well, I was meming the CTR 4chan line "former trump supporter here..." etc with covfefe. Guessing that joke went over people's heads.
Sounds about right
Or maybe this is common practice idk but I'm really dreading going onto my data to check out /pol/ lol
5-year-olds usually employ the Socratic method, always asking *"Why?"*.
Oh? Rarely seen? Or gigantic hair beast from the dark woods of our subconscious fears?
That is your Rite of Passage.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2537  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/75079)
BASED WENDY'S!!!
The first time I saw that scene, when I was a wee baby pede, I laughed until I cried. Excellent reference!
Probably a CNN employee...
Yeah, I'm just a "karma whore".  I'll soon have enough points to trade in for a BRAND NEW CAR!  Yay, me!  Idiot.
I mean, half of 4chan IS porn. So maybe they are trying to help keep you away from degeneracy?  But then again, whats up with the free pizza shit? Thats like, the exact opposite of work out food.
Thanks! I tried to beat all other lists. I hope everyone finds it useful!
He was also a stapler
I became more skeptical of God after that...
They are immune to facts, and will probably still want Trump to disavow that 17 year old Israeli kid who called in threats to all the Jewish community centers.
I used to just think it was the fringe that was horrible.      That Ken Jennings cunt is a fucking Jeopardy champion and, now, a *kids author.* Couldn't be more middle of the road if he fucking tried.      I used to consider myself centre left but not anymore. I don't want to be associated in any way with this scum.
#ABSOLUTE MADMAN
I thought this was going to be on /r/im14andthisisdeep  Obviously talking to your neighbor will be fine.  It isn't anonymous so people generally behave better than on the internet, you're far less likely to discuss national politics at any rate and if you do political affiliation is highly regional so it's likely you'll agree with each other.  Walk into a low class predominantly black neighborhood and start talking about cutting benefits and see if this statement holds.
Not surprised now thinking about it. Look at all the subs DaddyOFive had. Stupid people subscribe to fucked up shit.
Ayup. Waterboard em or just mob justice the shit and hang em from the nearest trees.
Obviously it's bullshit but I think it's the result of bad coaching and of course, shitty acting.  She's only apologizing because someone advised her to: a manager, agent, or maybe Al Franken.  They told her to be as casual as possible and act like it's a non issue, to try to minimize the blast impact.  Anthony Weiner used this one during his final scandal.  "no big deal, non issue, we're not worried about this because it's so meaningless".  The exact opposite of this strategy would be Michael Richards' near breakdown on Letterman during his N-word scandal.  Just act as if, and it will all go away.  Of course, this is absurd arrogance, and never works.
OK I've got the 26th because I don't know what the hell is going on there
Why is CTR still downvoting here? I really don't understand it. What a waste of fuckin' money. 2018 will be a massacre, 2020 will be a bloodbath, 2024 will be nuclear, and 2028 will literally be covfefe.
Before she flushed her own career down the toilet, more like.
Link is broken.
It's not just the nation it's the world.
[deleted]
Yes, Bill Clinton is a Rapist....Infowars.com  But Piers Morgan is a  beta cuck...  [Alex Jones destroys Piers Morgan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWQPZ-taYBs)
God shed His grace on thee.  This is major spiritual warfare. The den of demons are going back from whence they came and those that sold out. Those who know ...know.
"An author of children's books, Ken Jennings, should not be posting insults against children on Twitter. I was very impressed by Simon &amp; Schuster's decision earlier this year to publish what promised to be (and still will be) an impactful and important book by Milo Yiannopolous, but you bowed to pressure from hysterical anti speech activists and terminated the deal. You cannot take that stand and then fail to take action on this author's public attack on a defenseless child who has found himself the target of bullying by public figures through no fault of his own. I would rather see you publish more perspectives than fewer, but you have opened this can of worms by becoming an activist company, and I think you are obligated to apply these standards across the board."
[removed]
All the comments in that thread are moronic, it's a bunch of Internet "communists" trying to justify how a country could run without police
BE FUCKED
LOL.  Do Vietnamese sound like dey from the Southside of Chicago?
[removed]
Godbless you both.
K. Pede you posting from a holiday inn Express or you just a dick?
Not if its true.
Cov fe'fe is Arabic for I will stand
HAHAHAHAHA
I kinda agree, it's strange.  If the President uses 'swipe' , "coverage" could have become " covfefe". Just my take. However, I wish this theory to be true. It will become clear ( to us at least) in a coming days/weeks.
Most of the time on CNN, this is exactly the case.  They only allow anti-Trump stories AND opinion pieces.  Don't pretend they are fair "journalists" or a balanced source of political opinion.
I'd rather have crack.
I called them spinning it that way last night as a joke I didn't think they would actually go for it
Yes. This is absolutely correct. If he utters one word indicating obstruction, he immediately outs himself as a perjurer and, I don't want to throw around flammable language here but, depending on how this testimony stacks against his former testimonies combined with his on-the-job actions on the record, it could constitute treason.  Christ, that was a run-on sentence. But, am I right?
[removed]
[deleted]
Ahahahahahahaha no kidding!
Good for them! We have only just begun to fight back left. And you keep losing. We will anihilate you at your own game. Beware.
And then she gives that filthy crooked smile of hers... Cuz she knows it's true.
[removed]
we're the russains
He's white, false alarm everybody
Even the left is getting tired of her excuses.   That female interviewer was pretty direct with her, in the two minutes I watched before I reclaimed the rest of my life.
Out of curiosity, who else?
Of course, why not, did anything change?
**PIZZA GATING DEVIL BITCH**  **THROW HER IN THE FIREY PIT!**
"I'm sorry, that's classified information".
This makes sense, the first letters could be different if there were more names involved and the message would still be understood.
I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking about what Manchin said.  It's a direct quote.
I like him specifically bec of his ruthless laws. If your country is having a drug epidemic you do that pass little laws or make rehab centers, you exterminate the problem at its roots, all of its roots.
Would Assange still be breathing if not?
[removed]
We need a covfefe bot! Cups of covfefe handed out? Get to work vlads!
Still not drinking that piss cola
Speak for yourself
https://youtu.be/9Eu5smAKiuc?t=40m23s - When he said it =p
I like the one with Ted Nugent better.
Dm me..and I will..
Come again?  #THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!
[deleted]
I would be absolutely livid if I found out that a serial killer, who killed children and who even killed her own sister, was volunteering at my child's school. Un-fucking-believable. Scratch that, it's here in Canada - absolutely believable, we're completely cucked.
This witch hunt has been going on for 7 months, the press came in during transition. This is the most complete failure of the mainstream media in history. They're all in without any chance of winning in sight. That must not be good for their nerves.
bookmarked this well done!
yeah and it was Russians that showed up to Trumps rallies as well. It's all a big conspiracy Hillary. Keep Drinking.
Susan Rice is a slime ball - just look at those deceiving eyes
**Don't ever forget it!**
Yep. It was torturous watching him call her Secretary Clinton instead of her proper title. *shudders*
It reminds me of those Indian customer service workers we have for United States products. They're hard to understand and one would rather chose U.S. customer service workers for this reason.
Complyin' Ted is fucking amazing
She's Crooked!
Nothing is taboo for the left, not even attacking children. That's why leftists were confused what the big deal was with Manchester.
Uncle Ben's Covfefth-ed Rice.
GAH! &gt;_&lt;
They can pry my guns out of my dead cold hands
Way to convenient. Meme it to the top Pede
The Master of Theater,, LMAO I love this guy, lol
Solid investigation. Shadilay sweet prince
#PROVOCATIVE
I thought this guy already lost. Is this a runoff?    Go away already.
Did you just assume your gender!?
In 2012 Susan Rice went on 4 Sunday shows and told the Benghazi YouTube video lie. She's a terrible person.
The indictments and prison sentences that are coming for the murderous corrupt left.
We need to FISA her stank ass.
I don't buy that.  At this point the only ones watching CNN is their moms and people stuck at the airport.
But CNN is ISIS, now, it's official.    INFOWARS;COM
its not sharpie its just make up, shes a mega makeup youtube girl.
Yes, let there be truth. We need this, thank you for the effort you've invested, let me know if you need assistance (IT/netsec), and bless you, based patriot.  Let's make this official!
[deleted]
[removed]
Swipe in my experience will always try to produce an actual word, even if it misses by a mile.
[deleted]
Piers is on hella fire. 😤👌🏽
Was just talking about this. I hope KG gets sued at the very least for emotional distress.
Once they give testimony, they can't plead the fifth. They already gave that right away. Otherwise they're admitting they perjered &amp; they go to jail for perjury.   4D Chess anyone?
I don't want them to wake up.
Covfefe is latin for 2 scoops﻿.
[deleted]
[deleted]
**DEUS VULT!**
They need us in the agreement because they need our fucking money. "We need you" = "Let us keep robbing you".
I say sodium pentathol.
I'm sure you can guess.
So much wrong with this....   &gt;illegally installing a surveillance system?  &gt;disclosing (his own) video to "unauthorized" persons?  &gt;people need to fucking see the truth  Fuck France.
Bro their website says they're trying to straight up repeal the federal income tax. LOL. Switch to like a tariff, vat, consumption based taxation at the federal level I guess? Levee all income taxation at the state level? I'm down.
Do they believe in Moloch or something way back to Cain?  The rest of us being decedents not fro Cain?
I worked there in high school and college (late 90s / early 2000s) and what you said is exactly true. I worked at two different stores and we microwaved the bacon. It came packaged and pre-cooked. Not turkey bacon.
[deleted]
Everything is an event with Trump, it's awesome.
Your post. So classy.
i wonder if bots can detect keywords in URL's i.e. http://imgur.com/sethrich or if they can even read metadata on images
And he doubles down. Classic SJW
[removed]
That's fair but the timing is what's devious. They know people will just see the headlines and just blindly believe that stuff. You can have different authors that have different perspectives but people just read the headlines as fact and CNN knows they will.
In case you're interested in national dialects, this guy -- Rick Aschmann -- has spent years cataloging differences in word/phrase usage all over the US and has combined it all in [this map](http://aschmann.net/AmEng/#SmallMapUnitedStates). It's kind of jumbled, but once you start digging in, it can be very interesting.
Someone needs to grab him by the pussy! Picking on 11 year old,  You Coward!
Give it another 20 years &gt;&lt;
FUCK IS THIS NEXT LEVEL SHIT POSTING?
While republicucks were off crying in a corner, we had to do the real work to save this country. They needed a time out so we could do the heavy lifting!
He says one word about the tragedy then immediately spits on the graves of the dead by defending Islam.
I saw one and covered my ears half way threw.  Fucking crack shit
Could be renegotiation of it.  If the paris accords were something along the lines of "Build a bunch of fucking nuclear power plants for green energy instead of this MUHFEELSGOOD bullshit", I think a lot of us could get behind that. Not the bullshit that it is now, though.
I get upset that its become so blatant, how are people still defending msm and perpetuating their bullshit nonsense?
most corrupt politician ever
Unfortunately we may have to.
Trump couldn't be defeated even if he were to step into a bear trap.
I needed a laugh, thanks.
Top covfefe!
Citizen obtained voter fraud evidence found executed
Can't believe that man was holding a Bible.  Ethnic cleansing????
[deleted]
It is rare if not impossible to find an opinion piece that does not bash Trump.  No matter what he says, they will have somebody write something negative about it.  Not just CNN.  The Harvard study was pretty damning.  90% negative coverage.  Take Fox out of the equation and it is close to 100%.  People that write for CNN know that if they want something published, it better be anti-Trump.
I love this. The left is eating it's own!
she's a narcissist.
hahaha...what a dumbass.
420 blaze it?  More like 420 praise kek.
probably put the phone screen down with the screen unlocked or put it in his pocket unlocked. Something my dad does a lot. I get so many texts of just "sjrdhtrdfffff"
http://climatechangedispatch.com/why-i-stopped-believing-in-man-made-global-warming-and-became-a-climate-skeptic/  Don't be a tard and just copy this shit.  Libtard teacher can use google.
#CNN SUCKS.
Judging from your post history, you love calling people "cuck" and know a lot about the ottomans. I come to T_D to get the latest Trump news and have fun. Looks like you always come spoiling for a fight. And, fwiw, I'm from Tennessee and am way too polite to call you a fucker. I was raised better. Bless your heart.
Can I get a tl;dr? Long /pol/ threads always leave me super confused. I have no idea what's going on or even being suggested...
Stupid coont!
Thank god for the 2nd amendment.
Why hasn't twitter banned her,they constantly ban Trump supporters for less.
Say it with me folks  #VERY
HOLY SHIT. It's real. Wow
I don't think she's on the Train exactly. But she respects the results of the election and isn't a Trump hater. She also hates the SJW BS and has zero trust for the political establishment. Beyond that, she has some pretty out there views.  I think she has said multiple times she likes Trump personally. But I don't think she is totally on board with the more conservative aspects of his agenda. For her, I think Trump's win is more tossing a monkey wrench into a political system she has criticized for years.
 In the meme above it says the deputy director said that.   Although i believe your right comey said it
A Jewish actor from San Francisco is... based!? Praise Kek!
#THEN CHOP UP SOME TRUMP STEAKS
🌶️
#LOCK HER UP!
Don't forget to slip into the footer or elsewhere in your presentation "Bill Clinton is a racist"
We need to get love to Barron. We love his dad too. It's going to be ok.
Yes. And the headers and trace data in the missing emails are verifiable. Just like the headers and the trace data in the Wikileaks dumps are verifiable. The violations will be clearly shown.
The torture one might be legit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wH0-mbilv8
Yes, they put out files earlier this month of media/CIA collusion but no password yet. A lot more Vault7 also and who knows what else
I need a dog now...
it was all billy. she tried to run his administration in the first two years. then after the GOP destroyed the dems in the 1994 midterms billy fired hillary's ass for fucking up so bad.
It's official now
It would take more than an hour for the gov't to detain a person doing it to cool guy Barry Obama.
Vote this pedophile out of office.  Fucking loser.
Because they will point out he was responding specifically to Sessions and the DA, not to Trump personally. But the acting director after Comey was fired testified there wasn't any obstruction from anyone on any investigations, and the FBI was moving along fine. How did they get their wires crossed so badly if that's the case? Doesn't make much sense does it. Also, these memos were not turned over to Congress or the Senate Intel Committee as part of the probe which they should have been if that's the case. No one knew about them or had any idea. It was a shock. That's a problem if he honestly thought the conversation approached obstruction levels at the time and didn't do anything because he's now legally liable for obstructing and not reporting it. You don't just sit on that for 3 months and then after you're fired go "oh by the way" and have your friend from the bureau read two sentences to a reporter over the phone from this memo. Also, the FBI never turned them over for whatever reason. They were requested and they missed the deadline to turn them in. I don't know how that is supposed to play out...
BEST. TIMELINE.
Can't wait to vote again and it's only been 130 days!
"Surely this is the end of drumpf..." says all the libtard cucks. Fuck them and comey. God Emporor isn't scared
Nothing irrational at all. What's bizarre is western leaders insisting we welcome head chopping psychopaths in. What's the reason? Explain yourself, Merkel.
Hope he trolls them and strictly talks about Covfefe and then says "yeah, nope on the Paris Accord" and walks away... just like the birther story presser.
dun did rat now
[kek &lt;---- this one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ngNNSS0Zn4)  Kek  kek  kek  kek  kek
#GET THIS PATRIOT A CUP OF COVFEFE!  That's 6771 cups of covfefe handed out so far!  *Not a bot but we need one.
[deleted]
#WeDon'tForgetWeDon'tForgiveExpectUs
It truly is the dankest.
Turns out you can't shut down dissent on the internet like you can on cable television.
#H O  L E E  F U K
That's actually funny af.
Totally can see it coming
I drink and know things.
They're about to get covfefe'd hard
Neigh Nay Neigh!
[removed]
If people want a reduction in carbon emissions then they should get behind manufactuaring coming back from third world shitholes to the USA where it's regulated. We have a fraction of the pollution china and India and other unregulated countries do. Yet we have the strictest and most immediate sanctions while paying the most. Fuck that. Pull out. America first.
Also code for... Suck on this you Cocksuckers
I'm confident that they have all of these articles written up front and just release them when they see fit. Some AI probably writes them.
Damn capitalists at it again fucking up muh soshializm.
In case you missed this gem from the election: [Hacking Hillary &amp; Clapping Kaine LIVE in Concert!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1NhtqEHirs)
Gaddafi had a stockpile of some 55 tons of gold bars.  I'm not aware of any news as to its whereabouts.
I am no fan of burning fossil fuels. I am trying to figure out how I was so wrong about Texas, thanks for pointing that out.  Edit: The statistic about Texas related to wind energy production, where they are leading. You rightfully pointed out however that it only makes up a fraction of their power production.
[deleted]
But Anderson Cooper told me voter fraud doesn't exist.
"Kenneth, what is frequency?"
I was just thinking the opposite. If we're staying in then why make a show of it?
  7 "A tactic that drags on too long becomes a drag." Don't become old news.
She knows a real man when she sees one.
Wow, the monarchy (oligarchy) is strong in France right now.
Praise Kek.
He does it all the time, can't stop it. It's just a networking/business thing he's use to.
Syrian Christian I'm sure.
The lefties all seem determined to commit twittercide lately.  I used to joke that twitter was the fastest way to destroy your life in 140 characters or less, but Kathy Griffin has bested it with this picture post.
On Point. And I know my points.
#NoMercyThisIsWar
[deleted]
sad
Stupid bitch, I'd punch you right in the balls.
Apt. Apt analysis.
The fault of this entiee generation, the whole sjw culture is rooted in a lack of personal responsibility. It sickens me.
Regardless fuck splinters, dude. Those shits are ass. Proof: sitting in a wood shop right now.
26D chess! He got everyone to cover the "covfefe scandal" and once it is realized by the normies that he did actually mean something, they'll be forced to cover that too! Fucking genius Trump!
[this guy?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhlO7LitXpM&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4s)
Well, she sounds like a freshout who didn't really know any better.
Nice table, do you have the original with links?
No, out thru the Moon Door !
"How a strong economy is bad for women" - CNN
Wow... I literally tell my ultra left friend this all the time... He refuses to believe the world isn't consumed by racism sexism bigotry and hatred.
Tremendous
No, we just don't like assholes is all. Hehe
She was undermining their selling proposition, quite frankly. If you're selling a potty, you don't want to display something beside it that's more full of shit.
Be a nice event for some of Bill Clinton's victims to make another random appearance...
You, I like.
Are Christians to blame for the sufferings of Muslims??? Surely not,  so how is this a prayer against Christians ? That's all I'm trying to say, we must not position ourselves as prejudice or hate filled,  that is what they want
I smell a new holiday. Hopefully we can mandate it not be commercialized.  #Happy Covfefe everyone!
Pic of shirt please
We have your journalists, John Podesta.
Just chew soap
Dumb idea. Vote Tory in contested seats, vote UKIP in Tory safe spots. We need to keep UKIP alive to hold May's feet to the coals, but also make sure the Tories have the largest majority possible to ensure the best Brexit deal, or enforce a no-deal should the need arise.
Haha what an irrelevant fat pig
I was going to give my nieces copies of some Simon &amp; Schuster books but thanks to Ken Jennings I think I'll give them copies of *Unintended Consequences* now.
Well known how cowardly the French are, after all [this is their national flag](https://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/uncyclopedia/images/5/56/White-Flag2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20070827073934)  Surprisingly this was not at the top of Google images for the French national flag.   No sympathy for France, they had a chance to correct this instead asked for more.
You're somebody's hero right now. I hope you know that.
[deleted]
Chucky helped kill Seth Rich?
He needs to be arrested!  He did a major violation of a major law.
**CERNOVICH**
Ken Jennings has been an asshole for quite awhile
THATS HOT COVFEFE
Contact them, and see they want to comment on Ken Jennings:   http://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/about-us/contact-us/
Gray looks like he was built like a truck.  Rest in peace, Gray.  He's probably in the halls of Valhalla with the other fallen warriors feasting, fighting, and fucking
Gowdy is powering up as we speak
Let the next boycott begin, for the sake of our children!
It's either Jeb or Hackerman... probably Jeb because literally nobody would suspect he did it without adult supervision.
We should consider electing different candidates.
I swear his profile picture is perfect for all his tweets.
No agenda here folks.
I used a url shortner? Mod deleted it. CNN Money 4 hours ago.
Exactly, the rules of war is what the enemy sets. If attacking sponsors and people's livelihoods are acceptable tactics then game on.
I think we're all trying to maga, Shapiro is still fighting the last war and honestly I hope that one day we will be fighting with logic in addition to memes. (we're the dark knight, he's Harvey dent so to speak)  There is a ton of self promotion though but we've ceded too much ground to the left and these guys want to reach more people to awake them to nationalism, so I understand why they do it.
Wow
Terrorists destroyed everything. Death is better than life. Life is less than nothing.
Pack of parrots, aren't they?  All even moderate voices have been removed.   So bad I noticed it and was irritated well before this election cycle- and I'm a progressive 😶
It won't stop the ctrl-left
I think Trump finally came to the realization that treating these treasonous criminals with respect and grace gets him nowhere. In fact, it shows them that he's weak and they pounce on him even more. The old Donald is back. He's taking off the gloves and will hopefully do what we put him in office to do: DRAIN THE SWAMP &amp; LOCK HER (THEM) UP.
Two pats!
They are losing their fucking minds. There's a few things for which they can have rational concern. This? *This* is what they are freaking about now? Fucking delusional. It's a fucking typo people. Calm your fuckng tits.
Everyone says I should feel bad for her... but I don't.
Plus the cipher was just a Caesarian cipher. You can solve those with frequency analysis or with some constraints, brute force.  If you, a competent IC professional, were actually going to communicate covertly, there are more robust means of doing so (stego, social stego, OTP, etc) that aren't as easily cracked by a bunch of autists.
mm, mm!  smells good :D
[removed]
CNN: trump colluding with kekistan
Yeah, and before he was president or even the nominee there were still daily "this time Clinton is really, really going down" posts. Are you new here?
Here comes the First Amendment riots.
If there's one thing I know, hospitals don't send children home to die whether you have insurance or not. We fly children here from all over the world to save them. Most states have insurance or health plans just for children. Florida has kidcare and it's for all incomes. My sons had kidcare. Even when they didn't have it the hospital took care of my son, and he was there for more than a week. However, they would send us home to die, that's for sure.
I pity a psychiatrist, somewhere.
Jump on T mobile and never worry about data again.
So now he's trying (and failing) to turn "cuck" around on us. My sides  &gt;  Kekistanis: If your alt-cuck trolling amuses me, you're a lolcow (wtf is a 'lolcow'?) and I keep you. If it bores me, I mute. If you're a snowflake, I block you.      blocking is such a bush league pussy move. proves he can't take it when it's thrown back at him
Well done Chuck Schumer. Why don't you have a news conference and wear your glasses low on your nose and drum up some alligator tears.
The left is always used as a political useful idiots. Always. They fall for it every time   Originally they were anti-establishment, then they were pro-hillary (the most establishment type you can get!) and anti trump (total outsider, hated by MSM, hated by rich elites, celebs, democrats and republicans ...)  Pro-free speech, until it's being used to break down the PC control structure  Pro-leakers until it hurt Obama  And oh boy did they not care about Obama prosecuting journalists!  etc  Time and time again they will sacrifice their values to appease some political ideology. Very sad.
[removed]
We need shirts with 1984 monitor and the faces of CNN hosts.
[removed]
They're going to spend months trying to decode it, and I can't wait for the conspiracy theories they invent for it!  Maybe we should help them along...
He thinks he is smarter and superior which allows him to be a smug asshole
Today I've posted in The_Donald and HillaryForPrison - because of that, TwoXChromosomes has banned me.  They should rename it PMS_Central.  LOL
If that doesn't work, we will plug it into an electrical outlet for added effect.
Treason it is
Pho is actually pretty basic in the grand scheme of Vietnamese cuisine. The much more nuanced and complexly flavored, but less-known soup would be bun bo hue. It is the Vietnamese people's single greatest contribution to the world.
And damn what a tool. A sell out. Fuck me. And what a pussy. What a joke. Beyond reprehensible.  His lips are sealed to many  asses.
The dumbass retweeted Trump's tweet!!  Pokemon Go Go GO to the polls! https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton/status/870090101765931008
Not if you subtract the illegal votes!
[deleted]
Pic plz
FUCKING WHITE MALE!!!!!!!!!!!
https://www.infowarsstore.com/cnn-terrorist-poster-shirt-gray.html
You actually can see Russia on American soil though......
"Crooked Hillary" still cracks me up.
All of that revolutionary fervor is now in his shorts.
[deleted]
#PRAISE KEK AND HIS AUSTISTS!
[Redacted]
Unless you're a liberal. You can't see anything in reality.
Fucking white males.  That is what John Podesta does.
we have a lot MS-13 here ..also in Maryland ...
Maybe Trigglypuff?
Hang em all
Shitting is very serious business, if smelly, and essential to life as we know it. The whole of it. Compromising its values may endanger everyone's existence on this planet. Way more serious, and true, than global warming.
This bleach smells like vanilla.
Why don't the parents of those children take away access to the fucking computer? If they know their kid is being bullied online, they could just stop it by not allowing them to use social media. I would literally issue a fucking fatwa against social media to stop my children from using it if I had to. I know kids will try to get around their parents, but damn. I don't really use social media anymore myself and I decided my kids will not be allowed to until they are much older because it really can be so incredibly toxic.
6 million and one now
Books, speaking fees, etc. 8 mil is not that much. Piece of shit houses in San Francisco are 1 mil+. I'm sure DC is just as expensive.  Plus he gets paid 200k a year for the rest of his life as ex-president.
A bunch of whiney women. I only trolled them anyway... but sort of politely and subtly.  As usual, the whiney feminazis prefer monologue to dialogue.   I have better things to do anyway.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-4560560/Transgender-man-reveals-pregnant-miscarriage.html
OMG Saudi Arabia collusion!
[removed]
Say it with me **" WEPONIZED AUTISM AINT NOTHING TO FUCK WITH"**
Wendy's is the best fast food. Believe me. They have the best Spicy Asiago Ranch Chicken Sandwich. GOOD!
Yes please!
yep...don't like shapiro on like 25% of things. other 75% i do like his stuff.
#STOP CULTURALLY APPROPRIATING!!!   ^^/s
Pokemon Go to the polls!
You would have to be a citizen. The right to petition the government is mentioned in the 1st Amendment, a part of the Bill of Rights, to our nation's constitution. The Bill of Rights is the rights of American citizens that our government cannot (or should not be able to) infringe upon.
The noise is tightening, and she's getting shaken up.
I resemble that remark.
Гребаная влагалище
Oh, and I got banned from 2xchromosones, or something like that, for only posting this on the donald. WTF?
ask Hillary and Cheryl Mills  https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/14333
Never been in the military but I've hiked the desert and climbed mountains and yeah.... thumb wrestling is a lot to ask for up there, much less a fucking battle
Drink Covfefe!  Live forever free!
[deleted]
Why aren't liberals concerned with the land the Spaniards from that EVIL European country Spain stole from Native Americans?
Prerequisites: Applicants must be U.S. citizens, must be 18 years of age, and **must meet at least one** of the following criteria to apply:  &gt;- Are a veteran of the United States Armed Forces who possesses a high school diploma or its equivalent and has served on active duty--for any length of time--in the two years preceding the internship program start date.  &gt;- Are currently enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree program at a college, community college, or university (two-to-four year institution).  &gt;- Have graduated from an undergraduate or graduate degree program at a college, community college, or university (two-to-four year institution) no more than two years before the internship program start date.
Delete your account.
[removed]
SAME. It's fucked up.
Well.  Way to crush any and all questions I had.  Your contribution is well received, pede.
winning
You'd be surprised how many leftist did and how hard he's defending his "joke"  The Tweet: [Here](https://twitter.com/KenJennings/status/869982330743513089)  Archived: http://archive.is/ozYFM
Racism is not accepted here.
We gone.
I feel like I should pimp that blog here more often
How many interns did it take to come up with that one?
Thanks
Imagine all the hormones this "man" is taking to grow facial hair, etc.  I wonder if that child will be developmentally impaired as a result.
Why do they always look like this?  Like they smell of wet, crocheted potholders, cat urine, and patchouli?
They're not sending their best folks!
The blunt though?
Wasn't the one on the Left married to Courtney Cox back in the day. He was in scream I think.
She can just take the 5th if she gets questioned about this.
He just wanted her to be happy.
~~deported~~    Imported Beef
Hopefully after the election Labour and the Lib Dems will split, and we'll have a shot at getting the old Liberal party back. An injection of Sargon style classic Liberalism (none of this modern lefty crap) is exactly what this country needs.
He's begging because French millionaires(business owners) are fleeing France at a record pace.
The skill of talking to people and getting them to give you want and stuff
We have their playbook.   Their dreams of a liberal hegemony are crumbling.
[removed]
I was waiting for someone to throw this up here. She lost to the silent majority. It was a long time comin. If not for obama the dnc would have fallen long ago. Luckily, we now will destroy the dnc with the help of obama and hillarys criminal acts. This will make it even better. Leftism will die, scared and alone! 😀
Jesus sounds like an American!
This makes my head hurt
Trump Train Delivers the Panda Express
I hope somebody grew a dick and choked that fucker out.
Special Access Program - Sensitive Compartmented Information -  Codeword: COVFEFE.     *sorry, CNN, you are not read-on* -- CDR Spicer.
Correction, "she" can't go beat people up.
She's so fucking clueless.  She effectively gives Trump full coverage of Crooked again.  DUMB.
#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#130499385117000)  #CURRENT SPEED: 130,499,385,117,000 MPH!  At that rate, it would take approximately 12.847 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!   ^^^^A ^^^^bot ^^^^by ^^^^/u/BotsByLiam. ^^^^Please [^^^^use ^^^^this ^^^^form](http://botsbyliam.com) ^^^^or ^^^^visit ^^^^/r/BotsByLiam ^^^^to ^^^^report ^^^^errors ^^^^or ^^^^make ^^^^suggestions!
Nope.  I'm not satisfied until ADT sends someone over to remove their ADT signs from her yard and stickers from all her windows and terminates her ADT alarm contract.      Kathy Griffin should see what it's like to be a scared 11 year-old in her own home.
[removed]
Sing hallelujah, brothers and sisters, its ABOUT FREAKIN' TIME we organize and return fire.  Man the battle stations, lock and load.  Cry Havoc, and let slip the dogs of war!
I told them I didn't expect them to do anything but that I hope Milo sues the shit out of them
If the Dem platform is anti-Trump for 2018 and 2020, they are in a massive amount of trouble.
I'm installing ADT in my home specifically because of this.
They are kind of known for victimizing children so...
*hes in the White House
Plenty steamy.
It's a problem they really need to address in order to go to the next level.  Find more inventive ways to market the products.  Everyone is starting to listen to Ron Gibson's excellent commercial free version on YouTube--he posts each hour as it airs...   Also the sensationalized headlines are not just amateur hour they disappoint any intelligent person who ends up clicking through.  Also I'm SICK of clicking a headline and you don't get a print story just a loosely related rambling monologue. No transcript, no way of getting to INFORMATION....   It's like they SAY we're in an INFORMATION WAR but then they try to convey information to their listeners like a bunch of chimpanzees...no sophisticated information/communication strategy...
I go back and forth. But it would require the government to set pricing, which basically tells doctors and surgeons how much they will get paid. That seems fucked up. But people should be able to get basic healthcare. But we shouldn't encourage people to be useless members of society. I'd like to see an honest discussion to find out the facts. We'd probably have to cut some social programs to pay for it and the ctrl left would complain about that. Hell, I dunno. It would be nice to see experts having a non-political honest discussion about it. To me, Obamacare seems like a complete failure. It's expensive and I have less medical coverage.
At first I got confused and thought grandpa referred to Donald Trump and why it was on the Donald until I realized the joke haha
**Fuck the press**
Sorry, I fact checked this statement and it's false.   At no time was Donald Trump behind. He only leads.
Idk. She always looked too much like a child for my taste.
[deleted]
okay...now that i can agree with. i thought it was other stuff they were gonna pass. we need to abolish the income tax
Simon &amp; Schuster 1 (800) 223-2336, then option 4.
Yeah, maybe
I used to be really good at blowing spit bubbles until I realized that having a skill that others might not have is racist!  Now I just dribble pretending I can't blow spit bubbles so I don't offend others.
Totally an accident. Just like the pepe tweet. Yeah right.
Covfefe me in!
[removed]
It's fucking true. I can tell people I'm an extremely active Trump supporter and they don't call me a racist. We talk, and find that we agree on many things, and that they were not aware of most of the good things Trump has done or is doing, or about the fact that various hit pieces on Trump were debunked. A few of them give me the feeling that they almost feel as though they were coerced to dislike him. With the nonstop dismedia shitstorm, that's not a surprising observation to me.
Please tell me this is NOT photoshopped
~crying laughing~
The president should get fired and student expel. Take away federal aid from this university and start a campaign to have student that actually want to learn transfer out. This school needs to close.
Looks to be a Costco fresh roasted chicken too, not some small garbage like at Publix.
#CrookedAndAfraid
Wasn't Horowitz ultralib at one point?
Not sure about that https://mobile.twitter.com/KitschyKoos/status/870043778983358465
All the Brits who got it made the USA to ensure it.
[deleted]
Hillary had $1BILLION dollars and still lost. She wanted to cream Trump so badly, she made the DNC campaign in states she was already winning instead of using their resources in states she was weak in. What more did she want from the DNC?
Mediocre.
See: Leakers.  Quite the Web our God Emporer has to unweave.
Why isn't this stickied?!
Untreated syphilis. Look up the results. Kid you not. Hillary didn't get treated in a timely fashion. Neither did Al Capone.
Absolutely.  I bet there's some sort of "I bet I can troll all of Earth with an Arab word" side bet with the Saudi King...lol
Doc Choc can only do so much Hill
.
“So I’m now the nominee of the Democratic Party. I inherit nothing from the Democratic Party,” Clinton said. “I mean, it was bankrupt. It was on the verge of insolvency. Its data was mediocre to poor, nonexistent, wrong…I had to inject money into it…To keep it going.”
I guess your mind is much stronger. I only listened for 5 sec. I truly know now that the deep state exists.
Same as all these reddit assholes that think 'impeach' means remove from office.
[deleted]
the fuck did i just watch
If I am reading this right, his house is made of the same stuff he is throwing. Because they both have the same properties... Nothing should happen... I have to agree with you Killary
Barron is about to hack kathy Griffin's resume from her computer. B knows Kathy looking for job right now...All her shows are cancelled and bitch just got fired from CNN
See ya Elon Musk and don't let the door knob hit you where the good Lord split ya. Trust Trump
Simple mindset.  Libtards...  Now think like this....  and they do.  Little boy Rachael says cry now, and they do...  Soros says, jack off now, and they do.  Some day, they'll grow up, and leave the nest, thus hopefully thinking for themselves for the first time, hopefully before they reach their 50's, and they'll ask.  Why the fuck do I live in this apartment, still flipping the same fucking burger since I was 16.  And yes, life will suck for them....
You're welcome! Yeah, I had thought about that, but it didn't really fit into my categories. What happened at Everwood was in my opinion, actual hate and threats of violence directed at a white professor. It was also a ridiculous exercise in virtue signaling and self flagellation. A separate list for college idiots? Hmmmm.  What happened at Emory in 2016? Did I miss an item in my list?
She'll blame anything but herself.
OH SHIT fellow 'Pedes, you know what this is?  #*THIS IS [MAXIMUM HAPPENING!](http://imgur.com/up5mZf1)*
Dammit, somebody forgot to flush!!!
[removed]
I always chuckle at "surveillance" warrants.      If you folks knew how fucking easy it was to use simple ordered-off-the-internet gear for under $300 to build a rolling-encryption-key voice comms internet radio node to link with other like nodes across the planet that not even the NSA is going to crack fast enough to be effective you'd be truly terrified.      The concept itself is sound enough and I've prototyped it out to see if would actually work IRL.   It works well enough that I've made sure *none* of the plans were committed to any form of media and I've dismantled the prototypes.   But if you have a head for encryption and amateur radio, you'll figure it out quick enough to do it on your own.   I'm sure there's a similar plan sitting in a file cabinet in an NSA basement somewhere - they have people dedicated to thinking this shit up.   Very scary people.
FUUUUUUCKKKKK WHAT A FUCKING MADMAN!!!!!
Posting on 4chan saying you're from reddit is like going to nazi germany and saying you're a jew
wait, i thought you need like five a day. every day forever?
Incredible.
Is Piers Morgan saying what I think he's saying?  "BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST"  INFOWARS.COM
She knows exactly what's going on and what it means. I know it's said a lot around here but shit is going down and bigly. Trump sent his covfefe tweet so early because he got some really good news that couldn't wait until morning. Hiltlary is lashing out like a cornered rabid dog. It's all everyone else's fault but her own.
William Jefferson Blythe Clinton is guilty of numerous counts of criminal sexual conduct! Said conduct has been revealed by a fine website known as "WisdomConflagration.edu".  And the primitive nutritional supplements have a flavor reminiscent of cocoa beverages of yore! The aforementioned missive is of such dire import that respite is declined.
She literally had everything at her disposal. To say she, "didn't have enough help", is beyond ridiculous. I'd say this woman has lost her damn mind, but we all know she lost it a long time ago.
[deleted]
[removed]
Luv froggie sign-off logo at the bottom! 👀😆👌
You cannot make this shit up.
Walter never shoulda named it...
Exactly!
Despite the negative press I will stand up!  This is 100% real!!
Super based Tim Hawkins!!
Please reply about being in White Houses.
Don't get me wrong, I like what he's doing with his companies, I just think the he is motivated by self-interest in this case. Nothing wrong with self-interest in the private sector, but we ARE trying to drain the swamp here. We don't need to fill it with a different type of swamp creature.
On the Orient Express?
Guys Dont forget to deposit you're RNC paychecks before the end of June That's when all the Russia proof is going to come out
Russia hacked her door locks.
Bingo!  The problem with being smart is that it doesn't equate with common sense or wisdom.  Smart people do a lot of stupid things, mainly because they think they're too smart to fuck up.
#KANGZ
Guys, I think we are going to **FINALLY** start seeing the dominoes begin to fall!  **PRAISE KEK**
That seems like a very... telling statement whether she likes it or not
I never tire of him just telling it like it is. Classic!
Sad really if only I didn't think she was a despicable human being.
##YAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSS QUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN SLAYYYYY
He literally became president and built a massively successful business. Arguably one of the most successful people to ever walk the earth. She's just fat as fuck.
Keep us updated. No TV and minimal internet
No one taking one dollar from the government should be able to plead.
so my first pepe, what the heck is the standard image size?  I'm about to factory out some Pepe's working together  PEPE IS NOT A HATE SYMBOL
Duterte is basically the person the media thinks Trump is.
#BOTS...THAT'S WHAT THEY SAY WE ARE
damn
Muslims aren't usualy white, so its all good in their heads
They would pay $35000000000 for information that leads to the acquittal of those responsible.
Shouldn't that mean that things where women have an unfair advantage in they should be fighting for men? If you only strive for equality for the benefit of women, then women will not be equal, they will be above men.
Writing for children? Hell, writing for anyone. This clown needs to be canned the way Milo was from his publisher.
Jesus was not white.
Are e-mails technically texts, and are there stains on the keyboard?
#Pepe is a meme of peace!
Did that really happen??
If she can't be charged with a crime then let her be charged in the court of public opinion.  Liberals, you have the right to express yourself...but we have he right to destroy your fucking career when you cross the line.  If you want to know who to thank for such an idea, ask your the SJW cultist lunatics that have infected your ranks which you refuse to purge from your movement.
that's because they have to wait for the Media to define the narrative so they can know what to think. Liberals don't think, they follow
Brilliant but sad because its so accurate.
Archive links  1. [Everyone should have a shot at paid family leave](https://archive.is/QanTs) - [Trump's budget to include paid family leave, but may face trouble in Congress](https://archive.is/yPiSq) - [How paid family leave hurts women](https://archive.is/RTV9g)
If you believe that, boy, do I have a story to tell you about how Russia rigged our election.
Everything blobama did was "back channel" politics. He knew what would happen if the public found out what he was really doing while he was passing out "free phones".
Not one mention of RUSSIANS or ANONYMOUS sources. Very refreshing :)
They have no sense of humor. And people who don't get funny are losers.
It's funny everytime I get high after work and the gym I end up spending my whole night on T_D. So in a sense it's like all of my bowls are dedicated to T_D
Exactly. His whole business model is based on this.
Insert "former CNN employee " with ISIS propagandist.
Top Kek if Trump appoints SF judges
Thank you so much for this post OP.  Sometimes I find that I have forgotten very important things because the corruption is so overwhelming.  You are doing great work pede.  Much love to you fam! 🐸🇺🇸👌
Don't forget, they also hacked her personal e-mail and Democrats thought that was a-okay
Fantastic!
I. Want. To. Believe.
This is something I have not thought about for a long time lol.
S&amp;S is the publisher who dropped Milo 3 weeks after signing up HRC
The surveillance is retroactive too as I understand it. Get sifting through them phone records boys!
What a stupid tweet. Lmao
[removed]
didn't she refuse to do a single press conference until september and then slept most of the time and kept taking 3 weeks of rest followed by maybe a week of campaigning and then repeat from the end of july until november? remember when trump took like 3 or 4 days off for his family after busting his ass for 2 months straight and then the media said 'oh no. is trump unhealthy or something??? IS THIS THE END OF TRUMP?'
What time I'm not watching that hag for 6 mins. I did hear they wage an information war
[removed]
I wish 4chan links were clickable on iPad.
What the fuck is going on here?
CONFEFE = Trump FISA Alias
#Two Scoops
Let me know about that video i linked
Throughout human history people have been beheaded, impaled on pikes, burned, tortured, drawn and quartered, or left swinging in a cage for the crows for less treason than this. She's damn lucky we aren't barbarians or saracens and all she'll get is a mandatory long-term hotel stay.
[deleted]
Eventually companies will learn that conservatives are the ones with disposable income, and that appeasing liberals will not result in more sales as liberals do not have money to spend (in general).  I'm 25 and I was never ever a coffee drinker.  Probably had less than 20 cups in my entire life pre-2017.  Starbucks' fuckery turned me into a coffee drinker though.  For the entirety of last semester, every night that I'd go to class, I'd walk into the campus bookstore and buy myself a nice Peet's Cold Brew.  Starbucks turned me on to Peet's coffee.
[deleted]
The article said retired, high ranking military officer.  McMaster is still on active duty.   Could be referring to Petraeus.  That said,  [Cernovich's article](https://medium.com/@Cernovich/petraeus-and-mcmaster-have-taken-over-the-nsc-want-massive-ground-war-with-syria-e67b71a9076a) ties it back to McMaster.
This is alarming stuff guys. Did we just find something truly pizzagaty?
How bout "never would've happened without grandma!"
convince the most legendary deal-making chess master ever? Riiiight....
Like a full blown cuck
He is pushing for His pocket. He obviously don't care about MAGA.
Yeah, the women on that subreddit are fucking dumb.  I got banned for calling someone triggered because her post was about her feeling offended because a car salesman complimented her, lol.
Macron? More like Maricon.. amirite?!
Well now we know what *weaponized denial* looks like.
No problem, I'm familiar with the problems of Reddit. I keep the master list, and it can easily be recreated in postable form wherever it's needed.
[removed]
Maybe she though got they should have murdered more people for her.
Great poem
Have you seen my shirt?   [I Stand up all night](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6ed7ly/new_shirts_are_in/)
We're talking thick, center-cut bacon.  Presidential, life savings bacon.
Let's surprise Ken Jenning's 11 year-old daughter with a model of her dad's bloody, severed head and see how she feels about it.
Nice.
I started a new job where people have printed out Trump pictures hanging on their cubical walls. They talk about all the great things Trump is doing.   Feels nice man. Got out of my old job where people were openingly against Trump.
"You're welcome, America."   - The Patriots on the_donald and /pol/
Nobody said anything about 1 year. Many Americans can't even get close to half that amount of time off.  As for your point that it makes employers discriminate against women, that's easily disprovable just by looking at other Western countries. [Here's](http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SL.TLF.TOTL.FE.ZS) The World Bank data for % of women in the labour force by country. USA: 45.8%. UK: 46.4%, Switzerland: 46.3%, Sweden: 47.4%, Canada; 47.2%, all of which have paid family leave to some extent. If you're referring strictly to start-ups, then I don't have any data for that but I'd like to see it if you can find it. Mind you, there are a proportionally large amount of start-ups in the US, but there are many other factors that make starting a business in the US attractive. There are also many start-ups in other countries that are doing just fine.   What I don't understand about your point is, why do companies take precedence over healthy development of families? Isn't that more important to society? It's not like paid family leave completely ruins companies, again just look at other countries. Tons of successful companies, large and small. Can't the US at least set a bar somewhere?
heh... yup. Scott Adams may be a [time traveler also](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDsN5lWLKU0#t=1m12s). I'm already convinced our President is xD
Humans have squatted to do their business for thousands upon thousands upon thousands of years. Our bodies are designed to be comfortable to squat. The toilet was invented for medieval kings and has only become mainstream in the last 100 years?  Squattypotty is 100% legit.
I guess the Nasty Woman flair is arguable.
Super creepy stuff
Unbreakable encryption is not difficult, but it's kind of like shining a spotlight on yourself, if someone is already watching you.
Nothing can stop Hilliary's *weaponized denial*!
People who live in the Whitehouse should throw your ass in jail. -
I dunno man, I've got a lot of Jew cousins.
Look through most of their names and professions. They are liberal 'journalists.'
[deleted]
Complicated Business Folks.
Abso-fucking-lutely.
Report this Tweet to Simon and Schuster!
[removed]
#TO LIBERALS
[deleted]
Wow. Bad humans. Sad.
Link it so we can all have it! KEK!
[deleted]
I'll pass.
[deleted]
(April: It is.)
“The president and a small group of people know exactly what he meant.” That small group is now 420,722 (+/_ 6 million)
He thinks he hawt shit, dont he!
Seven months later, the victory is still fresh!
###O  ###H   &amp;nbsp;  (( you ))  &amp;nbsp;   ***absolute***  &amp;nbsp;  &amp;nbsp;  #*S W E E T I E*
God save VA
Lock them up!
My reply to them banning me today: "So you routinely violate people's rights of free speech an association based upon their other positive associations. Well it is OK I was told years ago by my based Grandfather that if I was the smartest person in the room to leave. Now you know why I never have read or contributed to your sub. Hope you enjoyed banning me because it is like boycotting what you have never bought. POINTLESS"
Well then it's official, the Paris Deal is done for.
I only realized last year that he played the cabby in the Zohan.
Electoral College.
wow and those digits...
On nom nom?  Nom, nom, nom.  Mmmmm.
Hannity owns tons of guns and knows martial arts. He will be fine.
About fucking time
Makes perfect sense!
She forgot the important part.  You can't just say INFOWARS.COM.  You have to say the bit before it too.
Why can we get fined 200 dollars for driving a bit fast but these demons can get away with anything. JAIL THEM!!
"It takes different strokes to rule the world. Yes it does."
https://pickeringpost.com/story/the-cost-of-islamic-incest/1316  Full article
This fucking finger song autoplays after some videos my 16 month old watches all the time and if I don't stop it, there are a million of these finger videos with fingers made of ice cream or hot dogs or Muslims and it is insane. Seriously, there's one where the fingers are Muslims.  We always laughed when it played 'cause of the line "daddy finger, where are you? Here I am, how do you do?" And that seemed like something some idiot child lyricist wrote not realizing how terrible it actually sounded.  Now I'm second-guessing that, especially how pervasive this song is on YouTube autoplay with some of the videos being 1-5 hour loops of this junk.
Lol dv'd to 30%. I think there's too much fiber in that box. The (bull)shits are contagious.
[deleted]
Hey Chelsea, why don't you explain Danny Williams to your kids.
fuck, I found out the 'hard' way.  They pointed me in the right direction of an info thread but yeah I came in guns-blazing and should've lurked
You see that you loser shills.  The person you were trying to get in the oval office is actually saying the RNC hired us to do what you tried to do!   FACT IS, we did it on our own for free! and we fucking owned your asses at it.  You are all what we like to call "LIFES LOSERS"
Its CNN who is terrified that woman who take leave might consume less, work less and want to become a stay at home mother   This would hurt the globalist bottom line and the narrative so they can't have that.
she cant read it...
"We the people" does not compute with the DNC and the Clinton Cartel.
Does anyone else think it's super messed up that someone is leaking THIS information to the press? They're leaking the method being used to find the leakers.
They dis the same to me today. I didnt post. I wasnt evwn mean. i never am
Yes. The punishment is you have to wear a MAGA hat for 8 years.
We have discussed contacts and he is on board with the idea. He actually loves his glasses, they darken in the sun.
Any link to a live feed? No luck on google (also cancelled cable)
My pleasure, glad you like it. We will be doing more work on the stump sheet in the coming months.
The DNC put everything they had into getting her elected. She had the media, the DNC, Soros and foreign governments all trying to get her elected. She took unelectable to a new level.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
[removed]
She wasn't joking. She didn't understand why she wasn't allowed to just murder someone airing her dirty laundry. She's always done it before
hatecrimehoaxes is a pretty good subreddit as well.
Is she really that stupid?!! Omg I can't believe I've said that so many times. You lying, traitorous, murderous, racist, tyrannical bitch! Who is watching over Hell while you walk amongst us?!!! 🦇Eh Vampira?
An army of based autists
[deleted]
It's funny because you know the saying "People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw glass"! Get it? Oh...wait a second...hmmm...
I'm still not sure how this word is pronounced. khav fef fay?
I approve
Thanks!
They will never give up though. Every generation will be tested. Somehow we got through this time by the skin of our teeth. Eventually He will have to intervene to prevent the total self destruction of mankind with His returning.
Not really fired, just distanced themselves so they don't have to deal.
I heard Trump activated the winter soldier, a cryogenically frozen Ronald Reagan with a robotic arm.
Thanks!
I actually like pep pay better. Also, I just got banned from the 1 of 2 genders' subs from these comments. Finally feel like part of the family.
There's a shitload of people who have zero desire to be involved with politics for whatever reason. It's extremely shitty for people to create these endless subs and bombard people every day with something they vocally ask to not be a part of. It's like not wanting to see porn but every day there's more fucking porn subs and the admins refuse to address it.   You can block our Dom and bam! No more pro-trump stuff ever again. You're totally safe from our world. Its the left that won't leave them alone. I'm glad they're finally seeing it.
Its just amazing that don lemon has no ffing clue and he leads the opposition
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! STOP APPROPRIATING ASIAN CULTURE YOU FASCIST! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
trump is the real slim shady confirmed
That side of beef had a family!
Me too. It never gets old.
No way that came from Bill.
his mistress
[deleted]
Pretty funny but I'm 99% sure it was just a harmless typo.
Orrrrrrrr everyone over 35 knew enough about her to vote the other way and everyone under 35 *learned enough about her online* to vote the other way...maybe she should blame AL Gore for inventing the Internet!
Arrested for contempt
Thanks!
[deleted]
Just goes to show, we need to get active.
At least Urban dictionary
Well now I feel bad too, but I also remember being that age and getting excited over exotic animals and not thinking about the well being of the animals.
I'm all for the battle of ideas, but the leviathan will not play nice and people's mettle will be tested
You called me out for being a crooked bitch... im going to make fun od a typo hehehehhee
Covfefe go to the polls!
Some asshole that's about to get fired.
We can make these Memes go even FURTHER.
And you need bots to upvote them for visability.
can't be an accident. Maybe the grammar isn't right, but there is no doubt that this was no accident.
&gt;they dont, but you have a decision whether to pursue work or children. theres no such thing as a free lunch and everything has costs  I still don't understand why this has to be a one or the other decision. Why should a woman need to choose between working or being a stay-at-home mom?   &gt;my problem isn't paid leave. My problem is you are either forcing me as an employer to pay for it or you're asking me as a taxpayer to pay for it.  Again, companies can still carry on with paid leave laws. Look at any other country. The point is these laws benefit society collectively. If the taxpayers contribute to some degree, you're not the only one paying. Everybody contributes. You pay for police services you may never use, firefighting services you may never use, public schools you may never use, etc. Is that stealing too? Whether you have kids or not, do you not wish for society to improve for future generations? Having a healthy work-home balance is good for families, and therefore good for society.  &gt;pray tell me, are you an ex-bernie supporter?  On a witch hunt I see, that's nice. I'm not American so I don't know much about him. Seemed pretty sane compared to your other presidential candidates though as far as I remember.
kek
I think everyone is aware that there are male feminists, people just sometimes don't specifically pay homage to them when forming a sentence.  The things I'd like to see equality in has absolutely zero push from feminism as far as I know. These things include:  Prenups having full weight in the courts (if there is an agreement that no alimony should ever be payed if there ends up being a divorce, the court can not overrule the prenup). Same rules should apply to common law.  I would also like to see the primary caregivers in divorce cases be a 50/50 split. Currently the mother gets primary care if she wants to, unless she is severely unfit.  Lastly I'd like to see child support payed by the non-primary caregiver abolished. If the primary caregiver is unable to support the child on their own, then the government should provide support (through school supplies, food stamps, etc.). It's bad enough to be unable to raise your child, you should not also be forced to give monthly payments for another person to. This would also get rid of cases where the person would want primary care of the child in order to receive additional income per month, which not all would be spent on the child.  These changes would tremendously help men who are seeking a marriage and children.
I tweeted them...  https://twitter.com/couranto/status/870106692847108096
[deleted]
lol
shit like this makes me wonder what other shady things are going on that we haven't even heard a peep about. I try not to be paranoid but damn it's no longer even possible to deny that their are deep rooted conspiracies going on in the swamp
World wide drop in the frequency of gas attacks.
Fight fire with fire. If Milo is not allowed on Twitter, I don't see why Kathy Griffin is.
#DIAZEPAM
#LOOKS LIKE MEMES ARE BACK ON THE MENU, BOYS
I'd rather watch a gay flick of Richard Madcow
I'm just going to use covfefe and squanch interchangeably. 🤷🏻‍♂️
[removed]
[deleted]
If that's a boy, he'll come out with a beard and immediately find Chuck Norris and kick his ass.
Yes. Yes it is.
That and everyone talks about it nonstop for 24 hours. This man owns the news networks.
Do you dispute the validity of that information? Or are you just mad that he brought it up? I'm curious.
Sure thing. Lets save the boycotts for real offenders.
Marry me !   (j/k)
Exactly how I feel. The fuck is wrong with these people.
Best timeline, I'm glad I'm alive. I member when I was praying to live long enough to see Donald Trump elected an thankfully I'm still here to see the greatness that came afterward.  God bless America and god bless Donald Trump.
Hmmm...  Right on.  Very interesting.  Will share this.  It's very interesting to me that it is actually in the ballpark.  It's almost like the English spelling of a word in Arabic which I know gets muddled.  I remember how there were quite a few variations on Khadafy, Quaddafi, Qaddaffi, Khaddafi, etc.  I wonder why Google Translate is responding that way.
TJ KIrk AKA TheAmazingAthiest AKA Banana man is literally calling Barron Trump retarded and autistic.   I hope you fellow pedes pay his page a visit.
Do you have access to CNN?
What they say or refuse to talk about is fodder for the special prosecutor.
(At least)
[deleted]
Pokémon GO to the polls
It's not the grammar it's the pronunciation
#HILLARY IS SO FUNNY AND RELEVANT /s
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6ejiqd/covfefe_is_a_message_in_arabic/  This guy may have solved it.
Thanks!
[deleted]
&gt;Those White House leakers — said to be three people — have either already been fired or will soon be, the source claims.  &gt;And these cases, I’m told, have been turned over to the Justice Department for possible prosecution.  [Trump's White House communications director resigns](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/335571-trumps-white-house-comms-director-resigns)
Yeah, but I'd rather deal with the media than be Trump or Mattis. Mattis has to run wars, and make decisions that will directly affect the life or death of our soldiers. And Trump has to fight the entire swamp.
i love this sub. is it confirmed?
The idea that people can actually do something for themselves seems foreign to her.
The 5th is for self incrimination.  That probably won't help her. There were too many other people and documents that will show her involvement, whether she cooperates or not.  She wasn't operating in a vacuum.
Holy KEK
don jr is one of my favorite dudes.
Like when James Rosen and his parents were surveilled by Obama?
Yes there is another way to take responsibility. Dont engage in the act of "REPRODUCTION" if youre not ready to "REPRODUCE". Or, adoption, but honestly if you put your mind to it, you can make it work.
Fuck you, Kathy. Fuck you.
Interstingly, going to /pol/ and saying you are a jew is like going to nazi germany and saying youre a jew.  Or is it?
We all saved us all.
It is very true. I canceled my cable, started a new job, and didn't have time for the internet for a few months. I thought everything was going great until I turned on the cable news outlets. Who know the world was ending?
Nope, military lingo from nam era.  Combat Objective Verified: Fucking Enemy Fully Engaged
I noticed this too!!
But then he says fuck you to the police... sigh
One MEME to rule them all!
Forehead should be about 6 times taller.
Which ones? TwoXChromosomes or whatever?
Covfefemon go to the polls! Why am I not 50 covfefes ahead you might ask?
Yeah that shit is fire
Folks lets try to be compassionate. Remember, it is common for some species to eat their young.
Chin up. That's rough but I know you will pull through.
And If you [reverse the translation](https://translate.google.com/m/translate#en/ar/I%20will%20stand%20up) and hit listen, it sounds like "so fuck off"  ***DESPITE THE CONSTANT NEGATIVE PRESS, I WILL STAND UP, SO FUCK OFF!!!***  spez: added link
Wolf Blitzer "Stunning development. Will President Trump release authorization for the deployment of nuclear weapons against the rebel insurgency of Free Kekistan?"
I've been downvoting all your salty tear comments, but this one I actually might agree with
George Sauros
Thanks!
This is actually really hilarious
Great point!
I just got banned from there, too, and I've never been there, yet I'd obviously been living in their heads, rent free.
We've never been in a more critical time. Dark forces, whether people choose to believe them or not, are clearly at work and in motion. Sure, we may not be fighting demons in the streets but that doesn't mean true evil isn't there.
[deleted]
problem user!
I think you just gave me my first KEK!! Thanks pede. Way more valuable than Reddit gold.
I have an old one
😬
[removed]
I like to make it rhyme with Pepe!
Oooh SPICY SPICY SPICY!!!
[removed]
Well if that's the case, then this makes hillarys tweet even more stupid.
Keep your chin up 'Pede.  When one door closes another opens.
That's... not a flavor I ever want to experience from a cigar... D:
Aren't these the same cucks who canceled MILO's big book that had a fuck ton of pre-sale orders?
People actually thought this idiot would win the election.
what I wrote still stands though. This was Trumps intended message and the media fell for it . AGAIN
both actors are full on cucks. . .sad, cause that movie is fawkin great
[removed]
You can now grind their arguments into dust. Show them that this crap has literally been going on for decades. There is a pastebin link in that post for the entire text dump if you prefer it all at once.
Deadspin's response was not very gentlemanly.      I google imaged that kid....time traveling confirmed.
Hang in there friend.  When one door closes, another one opens.  Every time I changed jobs or was "forced" out of a job I always thought the worst.  Each time ended me back in a better position.    Don't look back.  Look onward and upward.  Good luck!!
Sucks to hear.  Regroup, keep your head up, and get a better, more stable job.
Just popping in to mention they do $1.99 kids meals after 4, and you don't have to be a kid either. You can get you a chicken wrap, burger, nuggets or whatever with a drink for two bucks, and they offer shit like strawberries/apples and juice, milk or water instead of fries and soda if you're trying to eat healthy.  I in no way officially endorse Wendy's, but damn that shit saved me from a hospital trip when I had a really bad hangover once.   Edit: word
|&lt;€|&lt;
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
#WE AIN'T HAD NOTHIN BUT MAGGOTY KATHY GRIFFIN FOR TWO STINKING DAYS
So how do you say i will stand up?
I wonder if Bill Clinton is the infamous Lincoln Park rapist?!?   [My God, we've stumbled upon the missing link!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSU8a2iCu0g)
Thank you friend!
His little brother got picked on.  He's got no filter tonight, he's just pissed.  You can bet I'd be tearing mother fuckers down off their pedestals if somebody picked on my little brother, and he's close to my age.  If my little brother were 11 like his?  Full broadsides all night, twitter would have to fucking ban me for comment thread war crimes.
Frankenstein is part of the liberal problem. He needs to be run out of the village with torches and pitchforks.
Watch her try to distance herself from the DNC now that the Seth Rich bullet is in the chamber.
link to thread?
[deleted]
I got shitfaced blackout drunk after Florida called it for Trump.  Wish I was there.
Somebody is probably already mentioned this, but Trey Gowdy did specifically ask if an ambassador had requested unmasking. And what do you know, we get an ambassador subpoenaed. Rowdy Gowdy.
[deleted]
Never give up keep going
List your skills, consider this a job resume.
An 11 year-old boy unexpectedly saw an image of his father's bloody, severed head on television today and was very upset. The left's reaction? Make fun of him publicly and call him an autistic moron. This is who they are, this is what they think is acceptable behavior.  How do they live with themselves?
CNN is ISIS!
He is just as much of a shitposter as his old man.
Release the Roswell Papers to Dom Tullipso
What is he going to do? Threaten to have his pedophile wife hire Antifa to throw a temper tantrum outside of a university while Kathy Griffin runs around with a bloodied mask that is supposed to resemble a beheaded President Trump?  Yeah, fuck you Macron and your shitty globalist agenda.
"Griffin cut" sounds like a badass karate move.  She is unworthy of such beautiful poetry.
What will this do for the economy?
$
Half our country suffers from TDS. The unfuckening needs to go slow (like a drug addict being weened). By next year his agenda should be in high gear, and the corrupt will start to go to jail.
Did anyone else hear a foghorn go off after reading that last comment?
[deleted]
If anything, I'm sure his gaping vagina can.
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6ejiqd/covfefe_is_a_message_in_arabic
Mark Dice is a true patriot fighting the good fight.
I was under the impression it was 2030 for both China and India. 40 years is even worse, if true. This is why Trump won, America has been getting ripped off for years and years. Trump has said this since the 80s. This is what he has been talking about!
&gt;[who benefited?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_8E_pmKKcU)
So how long until she ends up Arkanicided?
Carlin would be having a field day
All hat, no cattle
Ofcovfefe we do.
seems to be happening a lot lately. Don't matter if you have never even been to the sub, somehow find you and ban you.
LOL The cold Chai is a reference to the head twist/bounce seizure.
A picture speaks a thousand words.
Hoh. Lee. Schit.  Isn't that the truth.
Susan... Prepare your covfefe
Then why did he delete it?
I've been banned from multiple subreddits for simply posting some comments here, as well. Nothing "radical" or "hateful", just common discussion. The prejudice and discrimination that people exhibit against supporters of Trump is absolutely absurd and hypocritical. A disgusting display both on and offline.
nice n slow like
Spicy memes🔥👌🏻
It makes sense that only a cucked out Canadian firm would say such a stupid thing.
I'm not surprised a retard doesn't know what they're looking at when reading a sentence that requires anything moral fortitude to understand
At least you know this admin is not abusing its powers.
I'll never forgive him for that image being stuck in my head.  I didn't like the violent effigy of our president, but I'm mainly talking about Kathy Griffins face.  Dang, that is one ugly woman.  How do people see her face and laugh at the same time.  I'm going to need some trauma counseling
It still works if you copy and paste OP's 'cov fe'fe' into Google Translate, but it also gives "sawf 'aqaf" if you go from English to Arabic.
Coverage. Everyone with half a brain knows.
I cannot understand this dude. One day he goes apeshit against 2nd amendment, Britain this, civilized world that, muh guns kill people, and the next day he's all like sane and common sense. Bipolar much? Oh well, no one is perfect.
Look at all those women and children orcs
He always finds the best real estate at the best prices :)
this is the advice you need warrior.
[removed]
Thanks!
There is a wave of fake hate crimes sweeping the nation!
SAD!   Hey Keith, who you reporting for?   GQ  GQ? The fashion magazine?  Yes, but I'm doing real journalism there.
I can confirm the nerds got none of the above mentioned "tail".
Daddy needs a pair of new bricks
No, the even funnier thing is if she was having a huge tantrum and refused to go out.
Could be. But here's what we know:  * Trump tweets between 4-5am to get ahead of the news cycle. This was tweeted at 4-5am Middle East time.  * It was sent 10 minutes after the Kabul bombing * Trump has used misspellings to get media to cover tweets before * Spicer said that a small group of people will know what it means. It does have a meaning, and we don't know if the spelling was intentional or not.  * It was left up all night our time, all day in the ME. He has deleted tweets for misspellings before, and re-posted them. He does this pretty quickly. Why not this time * Meme magic is real  I'd say that adds up to a lot of coincidences, over any other explanation that you might offer as an alternative. Or else it's true, and none of the above are coincidences.
John McCain "Thanks Lindsey, you're a real team player."
Is this for real in a 'news' article? WaPo is a pile of shit
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 62546 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**  We are at **10.441759392%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!  At this rate, the wall will be **729.61806225 MILES WIDE** and **325.434243309 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
If that's true how did no one figure out the word was just arabic the entire day it was being obsessed over? It's nothing but a simple translation if that's the case.
Great shirt :)
[deleted]
Shit, it's like a GO signal.. it's happening?
Not sure how you got the impression that I am in favor of spying on reporters, that was a joke about CNN
hahaha yes
The last post on the website was May 12th. I had to hijack a thread. What an agency!!
I remember when Howard Stern counted the jelly beans required to fill up her head
[deleted]
She'll blame anyone but herself.  Member when she blamed voter suppression in Wisconsin for losing that state? She didn't visit Wisconsin once during the campaign.
She's trying to be hip again :(
He will say he couldn't say it at the time, but now he can.  The liberal press will act like the sky is falling and people will start shitting themselves.  This is the last good chance democrats have.
If you take a picture holding a fake, decapitated, bloody head of the President, you're gonna have a bad time.
Shitposting genes run in the family bigly
What about rules 1 and 2?
Back in the 90s, the MSM invoked Camelot ad nauseum. They desire a king, a ruling family, a dynasty.  They haven't given up on that. It pisses the MSM off that we demand freedom, not despots.
Half of me thinks his ego will get the better of him and he will spin a BS tale making himself the tragic heroic victim The other half knows he's a saveass and will talk around in circles
She thinks that because she had to pay a bunch of nerd virgins to troll for her on the Internet.   She'd flood her pant suit if she knew how many people support Trump for FREE.   Don't forget how she had to bus in supporters to her rallies.
I knew it was pronounced fay fuckin' fay!
[removed]
Please hit him with this: https://youtu.be/-HYLiMaj9Ak
i love these.
I think the president has found a third option.    My guess is he'll say he will not pull out of the Paris agreement if NATO countries agree to pay their 2% share.  or  The president will stay with the Paris agreement while simultaneously doing something the liberals absolutely hate.  It will be epic either way.
All tertiary income aside...  **WHY THE FUCK IS SHE BEING PAID 172,000 A YEAR?!**
To the top!
Thank you for your service, based Patriot.   What kind of boat did you sail on? Did you do any cool stuff?
[deleted]
[Need I say more?](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/149/358/eec.jpg)
She could go to prison for contempt of Congress.  So she probably *will* show up to testify, but it will be a bunch of "I don't recall" or "I plead the 5th" nonsense.
Hit the link, it's fairly large - but I can make a much bigger if you need.   How big?
HIJACKING TOP COMMENTS Google Translate Cov fe'fe from English to Arabic... I will stand up...Converted to hashtag #covfefe... TRUMP made that trend in Arabic all day after a Terrorists attack... He is a God of 70D chess
The part that strikes me is if you ever spend time around real Muslims you realize that all they do is pray, prepare to pray, or eat or sleep. That's it. So there is no time for thought, discourse, dissent. By the time you formulate a coherent thought, it's back to praying. It's very controlling.
[deleted]
#AMERICA, PHUC YEAH!
Good God, is that what the god-emperor looks like now?   Someone get him to a gym, stat! He has the power. He has the charisma - he can beat the malady that is *that*!
Pleas tell me this is photoshopped
It's Arabic for "I will stand up"  Also https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/15792  Admission of an internal leak
She is right.  They should have been willing to kill somebody to keep their dirty secrets hidden.  Maybe next time.  I heard there is some guy named Seth that was really loyal, they should promote him.
I'm eating at Wendy's more often in place of other fast food joints now.
TIL I'm not a black man but a white male racist. LOL
Trump wouldn't even have to comment on the MUH ENVIRONMENT if we drop that bullshit accord.  "This is unconstitutional because the Senate didn't vote on it."
/changes fb picture to have spork overlay  This is Sporkphobia.
use Z to downvote guys.  If you have RES.
#His Name Was Seth Rich
I just informed based Tammy and she loves it! Hahahaha
RC is okay. For me it's Coke &gt; generic supermarket &gt; RC &gt; Pepsi, but I know I don't need the sugar so I mostly avoid all of them.
S
Right?
Baconators and Spicy chicken sandwiches, we have the best fast food!
This works! +1
Alternatively, Based Stonemason.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtVFcJiqHSQ
said "oh wow" out loud because it was that good
Ariana Grande couldn't understand a wet dream, whoever wrote this article is a dumb ass.
Take the other 4 boroughs with it and turn New York red.
Yea I guess that would make sense, my bad I don't really do social media. Deleting post.
This is not the way.   They'll play dirty. They will lie. They will conflate. They will harass. Sometimes, they will kill.   Their ways are not our ways. We must never use their ways. Even if it appears justified in the moment. If you stoop to their level, you betray everything we stand for.   The truth is on our side. We show up. Vote. Work. Provide and protect for our families. And within the boundaries of logic, truth and justice, we fight like blood thirsty rabid dogs.   Nothing more.
Notice how she is doing that boob push thing that girls sometimes do when they really want you to grab their pussy?
Lord Barron! Love it!
They're so obsessed and they're just toying with them at this point.
Yup, got banned as well.
They are very proud and they work very hard for what they have. My girlfriend is first gen Vietnamese born in the states. Her dad literally fled Vietnam from the south at the end of the war. The day the US declared they were pulling out is when he fled. He's got a great story about it all as he served in the south Vietnamese navy. So I'd say yea, they are gonna respect trump because he doesn't put up with the bullshit that Obama did.   Also, the in law literally told me this: "I saw Obama shake hands with Putin and he had such a limp shake I knew instantly no this guy is no good."  The Vietnamese are smart. He watched Obama shake hands and realized how weak he was as a president.
[deleted]
That billboard-sized ass she's carrying around would be prime real estate for a contraception ad
"So what Trump created this phrase and stunned the media,  I'm gonna do what I always do and rip it off for my advantage!"
I think you mean That comback was YUGE!!
Would you care to share your thoughts on what's being discussed as opposed to circle-jerking with memes?
It's a message to the globalists.
It's not a joke.  Sorry.  That's copy/pasta mean to distract, discourage, and dissuade you from even wanting to look into it.
Don't know much about history, Don't know much biology, Don't know much about a science book, Don't know much about the french I took, But I do know that Hillary is an evil woman sent up from the depths of hell by her guardians, Darth Soros and Moloch.
By small group of people he probably meant people smart enough to know he was starting to write "coverage" and then probably went to put down his phone because something more important than BFTO the media was happening. Accidentally hit send. Then didn't delete the tweet cause he was busy doing important POTUS stuff. But I do enjoy the meme magic stuff.
No worries
Yep
They didn't subpoena Rice, they subpoenaed information about the masking requests from three intelligence agencies. None of the subpoenas formally demand testimony from anyone, only documents.
Twatwaffle MSM expected President Trump to disavow the shitstain that killed 2 people on a train, even though the was a bernie supporter and kicked out of a DJT rally. So when are the Dems going to go on TV and apologize for what the mopheaded hag did?
The koran has multiple passages insisting that non-muslims must convert or die.  Besides that, it's a fundamental difference in philosophy.  Islam centers around conformity and claims tolerance is the only way to prevent suicide bombings and other such attacks.  You find a lot of passive voice with them (someone might become radicalized if you say that).  Western civilization is more logical and places greater emphasis on personal choice and responsibility.  That's why free speech is under attack, and why muslims and liberals get along so well.  They think everyone else should accommodate them.
That was quick
Take a picture of divorce papers and text it to her....  "What are these doing on my desk...?!"
I gotta say, this makes me feel quite solemn, and prouder still.
HIJACKING TOP COMMENTS Google Translate Cov fe'fe from English to Arabic... I will stand up...Converted to hashtag #covfefe... TRUMP made that trend in Arabic all day after a Terrorists attack... He is a God of 70D chess
That's too bad. Fortunately, the tweet is totally correct.
So, that one ticket holder is getting his money back?
They made a stop in Georgia just long enough to empty the campaign septic on the streets. She literally came to town, shit on Georgia and left. Very poor subconscious optics if you ask me, but what do I know. I'm just a deplorable Russian sleeper agent awoken by the false song of globalism.
LMAOOOOO DON JR REALLY DOES HAVE THE OLD MAN'S GENES IN EM!!!
I love that the Vietnamese PM wore a similar power tie to the meeting. 👌🏻
Or he fatfingered a word and hit send by accident, or dropped the phone and hit send as he caught it, a spider on the phone *SPASTIC BUTTON PUSHING TO KILL IT*, or a started tweet, set phone down, and a cat jumped on it.  Eh, of course it's proof he's senile and the anti-christ and this will finally get him impeached.... -dems  It will be 7.5 more years of this at the very least if they don't lighten the fuck up.
They didn't lie, cheat, steal (and kill) enough.
As ugly as she is on the outside, she's even uglier on the inside.
These Leftist morons claiming the Barron story is fake are the same morons who have been spreading stupid stories about their 3 year old kids being scared of Trump...  http://www.dailydot.com/unclick/woke-fake-kids-repudiate-donald-trump/
JR has gone from business guy son of a Billionaire to completely woke in the span of a year.  He is dangerous now. He does not hold back like his dad does. Because he doesn't have to. A lot of these people he shits on are people he has met and known for a long time, and the red pill for him has been in the form of finding these people to be total backstabbers.  You can tell he is pretty pissed off about it in some of his tweets.   Donald Trump's children are not spoiled rich kids who spend their daddy's money and are incapable of independent thinking. They are kids who truly love their father, will defend him to the last, and are able to run his business empire without him.  Proof beyond any doubt that the Madman raised them right.
Honestly this was the first time in my life I've ever actually contacted a company about boycotting their product. But it's about damn time we start fighting back against the left and make them live by the same rules they force on everyone else.   "I am writing this email to inform you that as the father of a 4 year old girl and newborn due any day now, I can not with good conscience buy any books from your company until you disavow and sever ties from Ken Jennings for his recent twitter comments about Barron Trump. I find it appalling for a children's author to make such tasteless remarks about an 11 year old boy but what I find even more disturbing is the lack of outrage from the company that publishes his books. If this type of behavior is typical of the authors you publish then you can count my family out of any future book sales."
Can someone ELI5 "covfefe" to me? I've been lacking on paying attention to news because of finals.
Nope. r/conspiracy
These people are psychopaths. I think they really believe their own lies.
[Am I doing this right?](http://i.imgur.com/coyAq5m.png)
I got one
Wew Ladd
The left would have to admit that the kkk has less than 3k members and most are undercover law enforcement.
That scenario already happened a few months ago and they did absolutely nothing and even gave us more shit.
Trigglypuff
[removed]
Only issue is the dude was ripped last I saw..
Jesus christ that is some disgusting shit. Kek help us.
We have the Best Children, Don't we Folks!!!
When doubling down goes too far.
Call Over Van Feeble Elder Fucking Extinguished
She follows and swallas
Where *is* Eric Braverman?
The writer works for the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank, so she's almost definitely a Reoublican or Libertarian.  True Libertarians, not jackasses like Gary Johnson, believe that government should stay out of things like paid family leave. This is a tough one for me, as I see both sides of this issue, but it's a smart move for Trump politically.  Trust, but verify, folks.
Because they are cucky leftists.
Best part of wakin up is covfefe is your cup!
Heh.  I had a similar experience.  We live next to a house where the Mormon kids have to go to do their "evangelizing".  So we'd regularly get a couple (always two, male) young guys knocking at the door.  We always gave them the snide, "go away" attitude until one day I was like, "why?  They're kids, they're doing what their told, let's not be a dick."    So, being as I've studied MANY religions I decided to see what they were all about.  We invited them in.  They talked about their book (more about their philosophy, little about the religion) and left us with some pamphlets and the book of Mormon.    A few weeks later they were back, but I was out trying to sight in my .22 air-gun.  I offered to let them take a shot, but they said they couldn't use "weapons" due to their religion.  (Would love to see some certain other religions take up that mantra.)  I debated with them that the gun was little more than a toy, and improving one's skills with a toy was hardly against their religion.  (Yeah yeah, I read it.  Doesn't mean I bought into any of it.)    They agreed, and the three of us spent the afternoon plinking at filled soda cans and having a fucking blast.  Then one mentioned having problems with his bike that I offered to help with.  (I'm mechanically inclined.)    A few days later they returned with bike in tow, but alas I couldn't figure out the new gear systems on these bikes, and couldn't help them.  Talked with the boys a bit more about other religious philosophies, and had a good evening and bid them farewell.    It's been over a year now, and I've seen other kids come and go from their house, but haven't been bothered by them since.  I actually miss those kids.  Well spoken, well educated, mature, and crazy respectful.    I may not agree with their religion, but if the bulk of kids coming out of it start out like those two, I've no beef with it at all.
I want to but I feel like they sense my normie presence, then I skidaddle.
[removed]
this?
I'm still out of the loop on where this came from, someone mind filling me in?
So they used her full name, but neglected not only his title, but first name as well.   Another subtle clue to share with your normie friends.
Interesting...
[removed]
Amazing that Demolition Man, of all movies, is the most-prescient movie of the 1990s.
Link to pic?
Clinton Ordered Vince Foster's Execution, Faked Evidence
*puts down torch and pitchfork*
This post needs more upvotes.
Barron is probably already taller than that cuck (seriously he is as tall as his Mom already), and moreover more mature. He's Secretary of the Cyber after all.
She was the perfect face for the company. When I see her face I automatically think about poop.
Wrote to them and told them as a mother, I am horrified that a children's author would say something so disgusting about a child. I hope he rots!
Stop. Your narrative hurts my feelings! Geesh!!!
🔥🔥🔥Hot FIRE🔥🔥🔥
Not to mention MSNBC...
Awesome kid! Starting right, starting strong!
Not to mention MSNBC...
I get it cause she's Asian
Best part.
holy shit. probably some saudi prince told him about that phrase.
Dick status: Hard.
We're probably going to be hit with so much brigading cucks and downvote botting shills at 3:00 PM, Thursday that I just won't be shitposting on that day.
Her mailbox, not "our" mailbox  Sorry man your missus sounds like an entitled bitch
Maybe they should try sending them out for some covfefe instead.
Yup. Isn't it nice how they use bots to keep lists of undesirables  It's like when Hitler forced the Jews to wear gold stars
Oh right, illegal. What was I thinking?
there's no joke it's just bots trying to disregard the original posters founding, they are being brigaded hard.
[removed]
ISIS/ISIL? Nope! Russia? Nope! North Korea? Nope! China? Nope! The biggest threat to American is Dems and Repubs. Outside of a few exceptions you can throw all of them into a box rattle them around and spill them out onto a table. Good luck figuring out which is which.
They laughed at Trump for campaigning in the great blue wall
[deleted]
Do you have kids or mortgage?  If not, move in with your folks and start your own business if you have the drive/ambition.  Best to do it when young and have no large responsibilites. Get a PT gig to keep some cashflow and bust ass on your own project in any down time.    I quit my shit gig at 24 and did just that.  Now in late 30s and have started 5 businesses, sold 3.  Not wealthy by any stretch, but comfortbale and don't have to worry about losing my livelihood at any given moment.
How will she explain that grandpa isn't really their grandpa?
#GLORIOUS
Pretty well, if I do say so myself.  Now Jesus did say "love thy neighbor" (I forget the verse, I'm only 17 and stupid), so that means that we shouldn't hang gay people like in Iran, but the traditional marriage component is the correct way. It leads to the ability to have children in a stable (maybe not in these times) environment, and the penis and vagina were literally meant for one another.  My whole thing with gay marriage is I leave it up to God so I don't piss anyone off and get put on anyone else's hit-list (I am almost certainly on at least 1 list by now).
Haha, I just got that message, too
What is her problem with Baron? Is she obsessed with him?
Yep - they sure are.
I heard from a source the macedonii drink the blood of their enemies and have a big pit they kick people into who disrespect their queen.
[Bimbo Dickins at your service!](https://i.redd.it/i3f9nspnhjlx.png)
I can't believe how many news organizations got this wrong! They all look more foolish than usual.
Where did you read that?
We love you Barron. There are a lot of jerks in this world, but just as many good people too. Don't forget it. We are all individuals, and you shouldn't judge by any criteria on a given subject. Make up your own mind, listen to both sides. Use your instincts. It's what makes us human.
I don't think electric cars are the solution to saving the planet until there's clean energy available.
Maybe if OP didn't post on Cuckchan his threads wouldn't get B&amp;. Err not that he should go to full chan.
So all the pre-election media stories circle jerking over her campaign were fake? I'm surprised.
Hey kid if you read this, forget those people. There are so many people in the US and across the world that love your family. Stay strong!
She's a repugnant human being. Trump was spot on about her character.  Ugly on the inside and out.
LMFAO at any sentence with spork now.
I wanna kick it right in the covfefe
You know, kens lucky we are more civilized now. Back in early America this would have been settle by a pistol duel.   Since kens probably never handled a firearm before it would go poorly for him.
She makes ppl disapear
Yeahright.
Wtf I jus see!!!! &gt;.&lt;
It really is a a damn shame... I personally love falafels (extra tahini sauce and onion please), but I have to ensure there is a fatwa against any purveyors I obtain them from these days. Don't even get me started on the baklava or Turkish delight.
[deleted]
"they wouldnt do it because they might get caught" is pretty weak.
KEK
TJ Kirk. I used to watch his videos. Still subscribed to him, but not any more after that. Disgusting. He's a real idiot.
You have to turn your brain off when dealing with libtards otherwise they'll drag you into their madness.
he will bring balance to the memes.
So glad to find out this isn't the american RC company. I just bought 6 liters of the stuff from Winco today and was afraid that I would have to return it.
What, exactly, it's she trying to say? People in glass houses shouldn't throw glass?
it should prevent further leaks, which is what i'm guessing is the intent.  any would-be leaker will have to think twice and journalists cannot be sure.
Yep. "I will stand up".
Down south everything is a Coke.
DNC merk and silence ppl, cheat Bernie and rig any local election they can in favor of Hilary. Hillary: They did NOTHING for me. LOL
The shit I saw made me sick. Saddest part is a lot of these predators were liars. Weren't connected to the industry in anyway. Running fake photography businesses, acting as fake producers, pretending they were always out of the country telling these girls they were the next big thing. These are guys that literally used to pay for hookers, but realized they could pay for a girl's singing lessons and convince her he was trying to make her famous and lie about being a producer instead, all while living at his mom's house, just using fake phone numbers and voicemails claiming he worked for X company. Absolutely degenerate filth and I wish I could have stopped even a small fraction of it, but a lot of them are shadier than you could imagine and actually not so subtly threatened me when I even hinted I was on to them.    The actual millionaires in the industry were almost worse, because they had plausible deniability at least. They *could* make them famous if the right thing takes off. They just know they never will and can play a lot more girls at the same time because they are actually who they say they are. And those girls would cut you off if you ever doubted those guys actually loved them and were just using them. Fuck LA.
You know what else is on a list?  ###Amendment I  &gt;Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.  ###Amendment II  &gt;A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.  The rest of it is just good manners.
Germany is BTFOing themselves at this point.
The deep state and the former white house.
"Fire on the Mountain." Run, boys, run! The Devil's in the house of the rising sun; The chicken's in the bread pan picking out dough. Granny, will your dog bite? No, child, no.
I don't want to watch.  What song are you referring to.
We cracked it  https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6ejiqd/covfefe_is_a_message_in_arabic
https://youtu.be/2APsRd5IxzI
I wish their was a reality show if my family. My dad would be everyone's favorite character
If anyone thinks these programs stopped when they became publicly known - you are wrong.  The internet is making it easier to target victims and amass supporters. Pray to God almighty that we aren't hurt.
"blames everybody but herself..."
[cov fe'fe](http://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6ekbwt/its_not_arabic_i_know_because_i_speak_arabic_this/)  [Spez](http://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6ekcho/late_night_crew_covfefe_edition_6117/diazt0f)
Kek is a religion of peace.
 Bitch is losing her mind.  And soon, her freedom.
What a faggot of a dad
Where is it, I haven't found it so far?
Yeah, they did. If I remember correctly, Milo stated during his Cinco De Milo comeback that he was going to lawyer up against Simon and Schuster as well.
smells like a LARP to me. I don't know why they'd want to make it hard to find those weird videos, making them private.  although some of the youtube ""kids""" shit has related videos to click on that get progressively worse
https://twitter.com/kenjennings/status/851895485677699072?lang=en
Yeah Ken Jennings is a psycho
POTUS predator status = Confirmed!
Ya Cmon folks don't let the train stop till we run over those killers!!
It's ok.  Your Dad will be back.  He's going out for a pack of smokes.
Your middle middle class parents made the worse financial decision of their lives.
The left went apeshit when the Obama girls were slammed while caught looking bored/annoyed at a white house event. Keep kids out of it they said... which i agree with. But what those girls got was only criticism, what Barron is getting is pure hate.   The worst these girls got was getting called bratty or spoiled. Not excusing it, but you get over that stuff.  This little boy is being traumatized and they are laughing.  Death jokes, school shooter jokes, autism jokes, sexual jokes. It's truly sick and stuff like that can mess anyone up, especially a kid.
He's gonna take those shackles off again...and when he does, goodbye swamp!
Why do you think the impeachment talk stopped as soon as a special counsel was appointed?
He should move to Arizona and run against McCain in 2022.
Did you kill the guy at the door?
Kek be praised!
[deleted]
ya man, u are typing in covfefe and google is translating using the closest arabic which is somethng like "swofa" something  try taking the arabic its using and translating it.  its been proven false on several other threads
When I was new here, I took the safety off as I was running toward New and accidentally deported my right foot. Mods gave it back, but please be careful out there Pedes.
Unfortunately those don't work very well, many people get anxious and it reads a ton of false positives. In rice's case it wouldn't be false but y'know
W
I believe covfefe is a pork lard lubricant for firearms.
Pull a .....what?
Nancy Pelosi has been in office for about 328 years, so it could happen.
Oh noooo, you tripped and fell down the stairs!
The word coverage should be autocorrected to covfefe.   On my iPhone, covfefe autocorrects to confederate
Many electrolyte
I doubt it, people in counties around "Los Angeles" are hard wired to vote "Democrat"
Clinton's old vagina fails everyday for eternity
Go to Gematria Calculator and search for "covfefe" in Jewish Gematria. I think Trump knows full well what he's doing.
Does this typo mean that Drump if losing his mind? impeach!!!!!
I don't know if it's a matter of trickery. I'm pretty thick skinned but if somebody made an effigy of my father's blood soaked, decapitated head and held it up like they were a member of isis, I would be upset and I'm a grown ass man.
Do you want the aladeen news, or the aladeen news?
No ragrets.
Actually, only the President and a small group know what it means. 😄
You mean Web Hubble or the other one...?
Right...the small group of cool kids who have ever texted on a smartphone will know it's the word coverage (see the r, g, f, and e are close to eavh other, just like when I typed "each" and it came out "eavh" LOL I rest my case)
[Jon eats a whole raw potato to take himself out of the mood.](http://i.imgur.com/dX2uFiY.jpg)
Bingo. Predestination. This is all part of the plan.
This question makes me physically ill because of what we know the innuendo is.
I saw it! Keep posting!
Wow. I thought it was from 2017.   Dated July 29, 2016. Wow.
Homeboy is gonna have to up his wig game if he wants to stand a chance.
#NEWS
**C**linton **O**rdered **V**ince **F**oster **E**xecuted **F**aked **E**vidence
DWS= Hillary Clinton 2.0
Harder being the operative word. We might like the guy and his policies, but let's not pretend his kids fought their way to where they are today.
Bots right?
I know gay people who use faggot all the time. They say it like "nigga". Why can't gays re-appropriate a word but blacks can? Also if people shout Alahu Ahkbar or whatever before killing people why don't we ban THAT phrase? If faggot is a precursor to violence against gays, isn't Aloha Snackbar a precursor to violence against non believers? Isn't it hate speech?  But his account was reinstated so the snitching faggot lost anyway. Womp womp.
Rosie sounds like someone that would host the "DNC Games" in which selected obese DNC politicians compete in an series of games from jogging to rope jumping.
Tell him he must be shitty dad since he raised a nazi lol
Thats when you go to double chan
Bullshit.
The #PandaExpress 🚂🐼 is a clean and green machine!  https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6ekeqf/aegisnavyveteran/
Can someone explain this to me? Out of the loop
You have to translate it back from Arabic to English and English to Arabic to get the full meaning of what Trump tweeted   "Despite the constant negative press ..I will stand up..so fuck off"  That is one epic twitter troll
[deleted]
*sigh* ...................................just............................dumb cunt
Oh well. So sad I can't go to that yeast infection of a subreddit
Btw, I'm proud of T_D for gamergating CNN and KG like they have been. The MSM have needed that for a long time, and Soros did it to O'Reilly and Hannity
Wow, thanks centipede.  No one would actually say, in an email, that they are offering a sacrifice to Moloch like that if they were not into the occult.  Edit: this comes of as sarcasm, was intended to be serious. I mean who the hell makes a comment that they are going to make a chicken sacrifice to a god of child sacrifices?  It is not like saying "knock on wood."
I got one of those too. As I've never even heard of that confefe sub, it's basically stalking and harassment to send accusatory modmail.   Why are the mods of that meaningless kiddie sub trying to intimidate redditors from exercising their right to participate in reddit without being doxed or targeted?
He totally gives off a creeper vibe. Can't believe he actually taught Sunday School.
COVFEFEFEFEIFIFIFIFI IF IF IF IF IF IF IF IF IF IF IF okie doke
https://twitter.com/Aaron25394187/status/870020073230024704  Found it and may I ad phew...
Clinton went down. She lost. Link up or chill out.
Anyone wonder why McCain has been against recovering bodies or servicemen left in Vietnam? He is not a good man. McCain.
Here's a tissue for your tears. ;-]
A comment from exhibit C. KEK  "She should have said she carries fried chicken and watermelon.﻿"
[deleted]
This is what really gets me about the whole refugee narrative. Specifically the fact they just ignore the unsettling numbers of refugees that are adult males.   I mean, don't regressives hate males? Especially the rapey ones
It's nowhere because it is a larp.
Too bad I live in the middle of nowhere and nobody will ever see my wifi
Free rent anywhere is best.
[deleted]
Automated tweeting. Bio says no DMs which is how you know her bot isn't able to respond to DMs
[deleted]
Pour me a double shot of Covfefe! I put in my resignation notice to my shitty job today. Next Friday and I am outta there! Higher ups threaten us with losing contracts and ultimately our jobs if we don't work weekend OT. You can cut the toxicity of the environment with a knife just walking into the office space, so many ppl unhappy and hate it there. They even astroturf the glassdoor reviews since they were so low. All of that NO MORE! Can't wait till next Friday! MAGA PEDES!!
She is not nuts, she know exactly what she is doing.....blames Comey again,  2 days later Comey admits that the Russia Trump investigation is nothing.  She blames Podesta,  he comes under more scrutiny,  she says Russia and Macedonia  and blames the DNC for her loss...I bet here real soon the DNC and media matters start getting in trouble.  She has always done this always!  Just go back to her testimonials in the past, same mo.
corrupt bitch got to  power by never going on defensive.  When she is threatened she will always go offense.....just like Hillary Clinton
Are you having fun stalking me? Didn't I tell you to kill yourself? Get a fucking life, I was over talking to you like a week ago and you just keep fucking going. I'm literally not reading a thing you say so stop wasting your time. Seriously you need to get a fucking life. Oh yeah and your a fucking faggot.
She literally thought it was billionayear didn't she? Unfuckingreal
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Varieties_of_Arabic good luck.
You don't have to do church in person. There is Internet church. I grew up in a cult, so physical church freaks me out. I am joining missionary independent spiritual church. They have an online prayer circle.
damn guys please stop posting this, it is NOT a translation.  google is grabbing a "close" word in arabic and translating....
Guess Hillary likes a little whine with her covfefe.
OP please tell me this is satire.  Theres no way anyone with such unstable emotion can father a child
Lol "Acts of Faith" so predictable.
When we bring the internet party to the US, can this be our logo?
[deleted]
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS HAPPENING
Why not both?
[deleted]
Muh super delegates. Muh bernie sanders...
They will all invoke the 5th
https://twitter.com/DrPepperSnapple/status/870021565219389440
It's easy to explain. Liberals are the followers. They are the easily led and easily fooled morons. MSM exists to indoctrinate and hypnotize the stupid into an army of easily manipulated useful idiots.   Liberals are the result of professional weaponization of the dumb.
Hey faggots. Astroturfers, I mean.
I distinctly remember that occurring but at the time (and still now) people get confused on the multiple leaks.  Hillary's emails all came through FOIA request.  Can't argue those are fake because she handled those over herself.  Podesta's emails have DKIP verification (not all, but most).  The DNC email you could argue that -- but theres been enough confirmation (Thanks Donna!) thats those can only be considered real too.  And its still so unbelievable that Hillary can still speak in a room and equate wikileaks = Russia = fake emails.  She's intentionally misconstruing the situation to paint a BS narrative for a low information audience.
**holy Fuck**
And you realize it took a team of 10 people an hour to write that tweet too.
ohhh this is Bigly! Thanks man! Great work
WE AINT FOUND SHIT
5/5 Keks
That was a solid, 40% accurate, article. Nice job "not entirely shitty writer guy from leftist rag"!
Susan Rice: "I plead the CovFefifth"
FOCUS! We got MURDERS to solve and Special Elections to win, that's all I'm saying...
She doesn't even know what hit her. Praise Kek!
Good news is that you have a better understanding of politics than your dad. Bad news is that you have a better understanding of politics than your dad...
Trump would hopefully sign any bill passed by Congress that leaves it up to the states. That is what he suggested during the campaign.
That bald guy..... Oh shit... Has anyone in here seen "Alias"?
There's nothing wrong with destroying a lot of those little people along the way. After all, that's what these people have been doing all along, isn't it? Turnabout is fair play.
Some of the titles say Frozen Elsa but then it's weird needle/scat/bondage shit targeted at kids
I honestly used to really not like Piers Morgan but over the course of this election and Trump's presidency I've really warmed up to him. If you told me a few years ago I'd like Piers Morgan I'd say you were retarded. Sure he and I still disagree on some issues but at least we are seeing some common ground.
She probably blames them because the Seth Rich thing isn't going away.
thank you for being a voice of reason  its not Arabic, just a typo.  Back to Seth Rich and fighting the Globalist/deep state and red pilling dumb liberals.  Thanks Pede
Usually when someone posts a pic of writing like this, I assume the op wrote it and is only pretending to have found it.
[deleted]
This is fake news.  He declared war on them months ago and already won said war.
I live in Texas. Most of us think that the illegal border jumpers and the libtards are the same level of cretins, and that they are a cancer on society.  Thanks to them we have open carry now and neither group gives us much trouble. They are a dying breed down here. Abbott is taking care of business.
If this news is getting out, I'm guessing the investigation has already pretty much sealed the deal. Fingers crossed. LOCK. THEM. THE. FUCK. UP.
TERRORIST E R R O R I S T
Tbh most of the shilling is fairly easy to spot on 4chan if you lurk. Over here, the majority of the shilling are the posts that look like they agree with us but there are so many posts of the same shit. Like the Cathy Griffin crap yesterday. Stop replying to the shills and down vote them!
As a Pokémon guy, I can tell you that "Pokémon Go to the polls!" was the moment that turned my hatred of Crooked from a purely political and ethical hatred to a raging personal hatred.  The cringe was nuclear.
And Disneyworld is bankrupt because I didn't buy a $150 day ticket last weekend.........Fuck off with this drivel, Hillary!
[deleted]
Oh you know that's absolutely coming. All of 2016 will be memory-holed. I can just see the CNN red banner "Unprecedented Abuse of Power"
[removed]
Google's opinion on languages is good enough for me
Quite a few folks coming from all angles, yep.
Found it, and promptly deleted the post.
Still too much blue
It is already happening. 1.4 children before the refugee crisis. 1.5 children per woman now. This doesnt seem much, but it is a significant increase.
Scientists say this is the last image you see before you die. Could this be God Himself?
#F
Props
@Jerome_corsi as well.
Did she actually?
Savage AF.
So is Joe Biden. He confefe's children live on C-SPAN and Washington hums and looks away.
Indica during the day when you gotta do stuff. Sativa in the evening or on weekends.
Tweets are...provacative.  He was such a great speaker though!  (He wasn't)
[removed]
Uh, sorry if you didn't know this, but fake hate crimes are part and parcel of American life now. Get used to it. Also, you're racist for putting this together
They honestly aren't THAT bad  [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&amp;v=I1uhjBDBiP4&amp;app=desktop)  [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKPSPfsYjZo&amp;feature=youtu.be)  [3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpy8LGVWQ-k&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1m6s)  [4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpy8LGVWQ-k&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1m6s)  Here's the twitter links: [1](https://twitter.com/ZEAUX_CXT) , and [2](https://twitter.com/GyKE69). Tbh i'm more creeped out by the tweets than the vids
BILL CLINTON HAD SEXUAL IMPROPRIETIES WITH MANY WOMEN!  # DATABATTLES.ORG  *Now selling Extreme Dude Vivacity!*
Her performance in that interview was tightly controlled and scripted like every single thing she does. Her sick minders behind the scenes during the interview. And this interview was for a purpose, whatever it is, but it probably failed.   She's the most unauthentic person on earth.
CNN told them so
I know! Who is this cartoonist?
**F**
#We
Hopefully the video of him and Lindsey make an appearance!
I feel like you structured this comment to get lots of upvotes. Like you're special in some way and that the people do this sub would shift your way when your comment persuaded them. Dumbass
Grab em by the covfefe!
Ah, you've received a new quest card!
Retard!  Climate is always changing. Why do celebs continue to take take private jets and vacation on yachts? It is junk science.
Out with her
[deleted]
They went up on Wikileaks' website before, but Wikileaks didn't tweet about them until after. However, this was a common trend throughout the leaks. They content would be accessible on Wikileaks' website about 2 hours before they'd tweet about it.
up vote for visibility. This the internet damn it, there WILL be an archive of it somewhere
I'm all for trolling and all that but he should have actually called ICE
No, saw it posted elsewhere on the sub...
Lmao they just label themselves as a journalist. Maybe it's how they identify.
brock is another cia asset. probably fake name &amp; his past faked.
Latest report: Boxes are still sitting here, sigh. However, I've been getting regular exercise. Yay! In fact, I'm thinking it's time to ramp things up in that department...so I'm adding weights this weekend. Also, still doing well with following my keto diet. I made a "meatza pizza" tonight and it was delicious. (That's a 'crust' made out of ground meat topped with sauce, cheese, and lots of veggies....and bacon). I've also started making egg muffins (like muffin sized frittatas) which are nice to have in the fridge if I don't feel like cooking. They're good cold, room temp and reheated.  My sister has cancer and is not up to cooking for herself right now. Her naturopath put her on the keto diet (because it "starves" tumors of the  glucose they need to sustain themselves), so I've been cooking for her too. I pack it up into individual portions and it gets dropped off every few days. I'm thankful there's something useful I can do for her.  Seems like almost everyone is going either paleo or keto these days...or are at least cutting down on sugar and carbs and eating more 'real' food. Heh...makes it easy to boycott companies like Kellogg's and RC Cola. Never buy 'em...don't miss 'em.
Definitely.  That would be so awesome if that was a hint of a death blow to the liberal crazies.
Undocumented, not illegal beef.
straight up **S A V A G E**
Wasn't actually the phrase, unless Donald used Google Translate like us lol
[deleted]
He's eating a leopard fucking men
LOL everytime when he mentions "Crooked Hillary", it will remind me the people dressing as Hillary prisoner during the Halloween.   http://ijr.com/2016/10/724500-hot-new-trend-dressing-your-kids-up-as-hillary-in-prison-for-halloween/
not exactly, people don't have to convert but they have to pay an extra tax if they don't
Do it. I'm sick of the posturing. At least the do nothing DoJ isn't leading us on.
#CROOKED HILLARY   That made me smile lol. I missed that.
I love this guy - kek'd at meme file.    don't know anyone in NJ.  y'all got a phone system?  I could phone bank n meme.
[deleted]
Clinton  Ordered  Vince  Foster  Executed:  Falsified  Evidence
It isn't just the FCC. Amateur radio operators will both report you and use the minute to play with the latest direction finder gear. Encrypted burst communications on the amateur radio bands will generate lots of interest from more than just the FCC too.  Just don't do it. Plenty of digital bandwidth to use without these restrictions.
That's why California voted to regulate cow farts (yes really)
Not a joke or rumor.  There was Lewinski's  blue dress with his DNA stain.  Fortunately for her, because they were accusing her of lying and making her seem crazy. Thank goodness she did not wash that dress!
I'd watch this.
Best comment I've read all evening.
AHAHAHA!  KEK!
Maybe...
I'm so glad you posted this because I was going crazy after Hitlery said the emails dropped after the tape and thought my memory was going. Good god, I know she spins some crazy conspiracies about Russia but this is straight up lying about something with easily verifiable timestamps.  Remember kids, you always know what the Dems are up to because it's exactly what they're accusing us of doing.
CHOO CHOO
Wow.  Very interesting.  Trump appears to be setting up the noose for Comey.  If Comey lies, Trump will probably whip out his 'tapes'.
https://translate.google.com/m/translate#auto/en/cov%20fe'fe
This guy is opening his mouth WAY too much:   Melissa Byrne‏ @mcbyrne · 48m  "fwiw Bernie alums have been defending y'all. We got nothing but great treatment during the primary."    Andrew Therriault‏  @therriaultphd · 37m37 minutes ago  "Thank you. Honestly, I did more for your campaign than I ever did for HFA, not out of preference but simply because they asked."
As another poster said, she really just fails at *everything*.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tiffany looking good
Archive? Can't view without logging in
HA! Well she's like a buck ten soaking wet so just a weird angle maybe. Also, she likes Melania but I think more so POTUS birthday celebration more than anything.  Every step back, we take two steps forward!  I'll make a generous donation for his birthday present out of our joint bank account and call it a day.
[removed]
"Stole" as in they were left for him to find?
Lol.  I bet she tries to run in 2020 but loses in the primaries to some nobody.
Can we change "Spez" to "covfefe"?
I'm not sure, but I think all electronic communications are stored at the NSA Bluffdale data center. So if some reporter published a story based on a leak last week, all the have to do is go back and look to see who it was that gave them the intel.
pull out king?
You are right that the trail we are on with Rich, DWS and the rest is what we should focus on. That said, I appreciate this thread in opening some eyes on projects like MK Ultra and Monarch and how extensive it is - also how it's being used today.  As long as a thread like this doesn't clog up TD, I think it's fine there's at least 1.
Yeah that made me uneasy. To put things in perspective I lived in NYC on 9/11/2001, spent time in the Infantry. I go to a lot of industrial music concerts so I'm used to weird performance art shit. Stuff like that makes me feel like I wouldn't be weirded out by things like this - I feel really uneasy right now.
i see what you did there...you glorious bastard, you!
Apparently they are trying to stop the supply of red pills. Red pills will be given out for free whether they like it or not
*Posts photo of beheaded [Insert 44th Here]*  "Tee hee :3 It was stupid, I'm so sorry!~"  Wonder how that would go...
Has this been confirmed anywhere other than google?
I'm sorry, I misunderstood.  CNN only contacted CATO because they wanted someone to say "Trump policy X is bad" and nobody else would say it about Paid Maternity leave apart from CATO.  If that's what you meant, you're 100% correct. CNN would never publish something from CATO unless it thought the article would hurt republicans.
Vanilla almond milk?
this is where the gov't should give everyone who disagrees with this president a one ticket flight to any country they want and their citizenship is revoked. Lets see how long they last...bitches and hoes man!
I dont know that sub, but i got a message earlier today about be being banned. I never once posted there.. they just said the reason is because of a certain sub i post in... o well.. i guess =/
[removed]
yeah this sounds most likely, twox is a lame sub, nobody gaf about it. another /redacted saturday night special.
[deleted]
Hold on, I'll try to get you a link.  Edit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B1sRPwK248&amp;t=924s  18 minutes long, but summarizes what's kinda going on here.
Whats worse then fake news? Radical muslim fake news! OUT! OUT! OUT!
And Tahiti.
By the way, in case you're wondering: I have, in fact, been reading your updates. I'm glad to hear of the progress you all have made. For those of you that are having setbacks, it happens. The important thing is to not blame others and accept responsibility for your mistakes so that you don't make them again. That said, when it's simply due to luck, well... not much you can do, there. This is why I advise you to set goals that are as much in your control as possible.
The first two probably weren't even her own idea and went through her social media team/speechwriters and focus testing.  Even with all those resources at hand, she's still just that bad.  In the third (hot sauce) link, she was almost certainly given that question in advance.  She was opening her mouth to speak the answer when the girl had barely even finished asking the question.  And she still managed to **** it all up.  Then she brings out that cringey, evil, cackle laugh whenever she doesn't know what's going on or to drown out the awkwardness.
[deleted]
"The best part of waking up.... is Covfefe in your cup"
Oh the President of the United States is busy working? Maybe he should be a good father like Obama and teach his daughter to smoke weed and twerk on strangers on camera for the whole world to see instead. You seem to like that.
[deleted]
I'm not sure how many pedes listen to adam carolla but he talked about how when he was on the celebrity apprentice he met all the kids and said they were smart, respectful, and had great respect for their dad, all of which showing they were born on third base but knew they were pinch runners and paid FULL attention to the 3rd base coach to make sure they scored the run. Sounds like a dream to raise those kids.
So it is a win / win situation ! Now can the crooked family and their brainless minions shut the fuck up ?
Definitely a LARP or a distraction. People are ignoring all the red flags because they want to believe it. It's just too perfect and fits what they would expect. Easy and common codes leading to more easy and common codes, and nothing is older than a couple months.   Seth Rich wasn't important anyway.
the thing about comedy is the cleaner you work the harder it is.  Thats why seinfeld and others like him were so impressive.  Anyone can say a fart joke and make you laugh .. that laugh is often a knee jerk reaction and not a feeling that makes you feel happy..   When someone can make you laugh without being offensive it is a longer and better feeling of enjoyment. but it requires so much more thought and skill... and thats why those people go down in history as the best.
I saw enough a while back to not want to look too much deeper ... found god tho ...
**Posts photo of beheaded [44th Prez]**  "Tee hee :3 It was stupid, I'm so sorry!~"  Wonder how that would go...
Just because they are journalists, does not make them above the law.
Yeah, just don't bring them here or we'll end up like Germany, Sweden, Norway and soon-to-be France.  HELL NO!
I think I understand art now
Don't know mate but he did you can see the date and time there.  Maybe he reactivated then deleted again?
Whoever finds it needs to download it fast! This is massive censorship!
I always tell my leftist friends that their ruhtarded ideology is bound to come after the "bad" immigrants (namely Asians &amp; Indians) after they're done with fking white males.
Jr is a true shitlord.
I would love it if the_donald sent their subscribers a ban message for no reason.
[Earthworm Jim](http://www.nintendoeverything.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/04/earthwormji.jpg) is a President Trump supporter.
That's hate speech you cislord, not all women have vaginas, and if you remind the non-vagina-having females of their genital setup, it'll hurt their feelings!  /s
Of course someone cracked it, it's a god damn caesar cipher lol.
Just  Cunty  Things
[deleted]
I demand /u/chemistrythr throw away his almonds because he offended /u/Ssjpower88. If you don't throw them away I will hire David Brock with Media Matters to ruin you.  \#NotAllAllergies
Is there an archived page proving this?
The body cams reveal much more than they want us to see - and hear.
This link from that video's comments is messed up! https://twitter.com/jpegjoshua/status/845705164455661568
Wow, that's pretty terrible
Damn im getting super male vitality just lookin at the broad. Take what is urs Alex. I dind't know he had jungle fever. Grrowww!
[removed]
I didnt make it very far into them... I didnt actually feel sick, but man that shit was creepy.
What is the starting point of Gen Z? I've seen multiple years. 1 is 2005, which would actually put OP in the crappiest generation, millennials.
 Please respond or PM it to me when you do. I need that one!!   See you at the party, Ricter!
What the government wants, same as every other tax. For example, Obama had hoped to use his proposed carbon tax (basically a tax on both production and consumption) to fund Obamacare. Of course, routing money through Washington always requires around a 50% overhead charge. Gotta hire more leftist bureaucrats and supporters, you know.
As fun as playing dominoes on pizza and pasta!   :(
&gt;I had to inject money into it  Um, I thought you left the white house broke.
Gonna get me a Baconator tomorrow!
A data counterfeiter.
Canadian here, can't wait to move to the US after I'm done with college. MAGA!   Addressing the topic though most Canadians are pretentious as fuck and have a holier than thou attitude. Justin Trudeau is possibly the worst leader we've ever had yet the only political protests we've seen have been directed towards Trump. Stupid SJWs lol.
Hillary, her rapist husband and their media puppets are experts at FAKE HISTORY. I am just glad America wouldnt take it anymore, hope she runs again.
in the style of livepd. i fuckin lovepd.
fire dept update:   6771:UPDATE ON CAMBRIA (501 WILLIAMS): REPORTED AT LEAST 4 VICTIMS STILL UNACCOUNTED FOR. S/C 4TH HELO &amp; MADISON H.U.R.T TO THE SCENE (CINS) 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes
YESSS - brought me back to my middle school days
Great question. Almost seems like they are property.
Liberalism is just an extension of cultural marxism. It's doing exactly as it was designed to. Isolate and break down every facet of a society by pandering to every single minority as victims against oppressors. Once this ethos takes hold in the weak minded of your society, they begin a downward spiral of perpetual victimhood which motives their radicalism.
The right (more so the politicians) lost their balls for years.
*Thank* you. I can't believe people are eating this shit up. Focus on Seth Rich you dumb fucks!
Mmm... tastes like TN.
The more people on board with global warming means he's bound to makes more money. His products may sell by their quality alone, but I'm sure he wants a bigger market.
An assumption held by herself.
http://archive.is/vU6QS
Autism. And bots.   Its really not a complicated code. Anyone on /pol/ with a bit of knowledge on ciphers could figure it out.
I'm glad you have your sisters to help.
They aren't sending their best folks
[removed]
Disgusting imagery, friend.  Please delete this.
[removed]
I will stand up. Type "Cov fe'fe" into Google translate.
rearrange*
I thought this was supposed to be baby from Dinosaurs lol!  edit: also, covfefe
Trump said famous people get pussy. Podesta RAPES AND MURDERS CHILDREN.
She was slightly joking. I constantly bitch about liberals so every once in a while I let you get some jabs in. Overall, she hears it more from me than the other way around. She's definitely not red pilled yet but was not a Hillary supporter and equally dislikes the fake news MSM. She's got a masters degree in social work so we are fighting an uphill battle to get some of that brainwashing taken out.
And hoopla.  Both are awesome and free!
who cares. twox is a lame sub. redacted clone.
as long as they are extremely vetted and will assimilate to american culture, no issues.  also, notice these are actual women, not 34 year old middle school boys
LMAO. U got it
MAGA!
Some mindfucks for you:  (Sourced from other T_D posts in New)  * Covfefe was a typo in a secret email from HRC or someone else * Cov fe'fe (in Arabic) translates to "I will stand up" . Despite the negative press, I will stand up * Command Objective Verified F***ing Enemy Fully Engaged * Co V Fe Fe = 27 23 26 26 . = when googled leads to an article about frog sexuality https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27232626 Praise KeK * Clinton Ordered Vince Foster Executed, Faked Evidence * It's a word with meaning given to known leakers to catch them  What we know. Tweet was deleted after many hours. Spicer claimed it wasn't a typo and it's known to a few.
I can it abortion on demand
I've been running around for the last 2 hours trying to tell everyone this.
[deleted]
You think she actually CARED about her supporters?
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6eglkk/oann_wants_you_to_sign_the_petition/diartcq/
[deleted]
[deleted]
#High Quality Filters that take the flouride out, while keeping the BoneBroth in.
They aren't sending their least retarded, folks.
Wasn't this also the piece of shit that was on Maher's show with Milo?
Wow. That is fuuuuucked. I'm embarrassed to share a gender with someone like that. :/  Men can use her proposed system to "a lesser extent"? Why are childless women more important that fathers? Fuck that bitch (not literally; I'm certain none of you gentlepedes would dip your wick in that kind of crazy).
&gt;But they can't leak any solid Russia "collusion" evidence... for some reason... yet act like we've got to somehow prove a negative.  Yup. Know how I knew the Russia collusion thing was fake? Nothing has been leaked about it. Not a single damn thing. If it were real, there would be leaks.
We're going to be raising a world of mindless drones that have no idea what they are because some moron decided they had an issue with gender.
Let's say she won.  Does anyone truly believe that some really great improvements would have happened?  I think it would have been like every President for decades now.  I think that people are just sick of so many common themes of the past 16 years.  Problems that never get solved.  Fear.  The feeling that nobody cares about them.  Watching billionaires getting richer than maybe any humans in history, while most everyone else is deeper and deeper into debt, and there's so little money for basic government functions.  The feeling that the political class doesn't answer to the general public, or only does so when it has to.  Hearing about problems that never get investigated, or even talked about by mainstream media.  It goes on and on.
This is the correct answer and why, 'only a few will know what it means'.   He was countering Hillary's deepstate intelligence vs. Trump's redstate power.
Canada is 4 cucks. It's totally leftist like a country full of gay ass Bernie bros. Im getting soft just thinking about it. The think about US because there country is shit and they have nothing better to do. They're globalists, so they're always thinking that they own ever place on the world.......... Gross place.......... Canada is a worse version of Russia, so maybe the crooked MSM should worry about Canadian influence. LOL
1,100+ people/bots who need jobs
[removed]
There is a lot of Canadian support as well. What should alarm you is that most Canadians watch CNN because they get it in their cable package and probably have for a long time.
or you will find out they are liberal scumbags and its time to move....   one of my neighbors that I don't normally see came to my door.. they are not quiet right in the head and I had known that for a long time.. this was a while ago they stopped by .. anyway.. noticed they had the baby pins on the collar of their jacket.. so now I know they are a SJW... I use to think I didn't want anything to do with them.. now i know for sure i want nothing to do with them.
**LOOK AT ME.**  **LOOK. AT. ME.**  ***WE ARE THE REBELS NOW.***
I wouldn't be certain it was even Arabic, lots of people understand Arabic and al-Jazeera would have said something if he used it. It was probably an arranged coded message for one of the leaders he met on the trip, confirming something he learned at a later part of the trip that leaves no clue as to exactly who it was for because he did not make direct contact with anyone. If he left G7 and called Netanyahu or the Arabs there would be a record of that and it would reveal information he might not want revealed.
Are they like spying on me and saying "Oh no!  The shitposting skills are strong with this one!  We must ban him before he joins our subreddit!"?
Shut the fuck up you stolen valor piece of shit.
[removed]
I have a 12 year old.  If he saw a picture of his dad decapitated it would upset him even if it was pretend.  How is that so difficult for Rosie to comprehend?  No one wants to see a picture like that of someone they love.
[deleted]
She hates the Clinton's and Obama.
Seems like a stretch. He meant coverage but would be nice if this was true.
Yes. The son of literal Communists.
he photoshopped his mugshot...      http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4555182/ESPN-accused-photoshopping-Tiger-Woods-DUI-mugshot.html
Meme magic is becoming more powerful…
Pics or it didn't happen  Had to try ;)
What scene again?
.
[deleted]
This makes me chuckle
[deleted]
She looked like she was nearly dead today REEEEEE 👵🏻
 The things I'm wishing happen to this man!
What would they say, if the found out, and I don't know this, but maybe one or more of the victims were the Trump supporters?
not worth it.  he sounds too far gone.
I don't think the Declaration of Independence says "Christians only". Merely that all men are created equal. But yes, our freedoms arose in a Christian society.
The first time I saw that video was from a joe rogan podcast where he was talking about it and I just sat in a corner pondering the world for a few hours after seeing it.
Buttsecks.
In the green code in the first video theres a line that flashes up for a second that decodes to spiderman and elsa are your friends. Caesar cipher rot 8, took me about 10 seconds and a easily accessible code to figure it out. I've made stuff for an ARG that was similar. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvbaNdDEZ-g  edit: except I gave hints because I wanted mine to be easily figured out.
She could have been a president like Trump. . . but she was sick that day.
Thank god you did!
Hijacking this since it's Middle-Earth related.  Did you know that the son of Tolkien is releasing a new book - I believe on the 10th of June? One that J.R.R wrote himself but was never released? Only in part in the Simarillon?
Looks like he has a vagina that itches.
6 months or a year from now, about everyone will rejoice Trump's tweets. It's already happening slowly, with covfefe and LotR memes. It's going to be a beautiful thing.
r/wtf
But people in glass houses shouldn't throw glass, either.
dude, everyone has a creepy uncle
EDIT: Comment so true I got banned by rrTwoxchromosomes , I must have revealed the strategy. I AM OF GOOD HEALTH, I NEVER GO TO THE GYM.....   She's trying to fake going rouge. I can guarantee she's got some come to jesus strategist on staff now that is telling her to start showing her "true self". Like the way she was behind the scenes and in that book. Basically saying "nobody trusted you because you're a terrible liar, you have no chips left to play so this is your last chance" .   She's not going to get far trashing the DNC though, especially considering the recent Seth Rich and spying and about 90 other sketchy things coming together at once. Our only hope is that she runs again and gets even more condescending, and then SNL gets even more stupid. She just decides she won't even go to any states, in 2020 more leaks come out from DNC HQ and she blames China.
Also very healthy. Even healthier if you bake them instead of frying.
Well I guess it's time they repeal their Nazi gun control laws.  http://www.nationalreview.com/article/365103/how-nazis-used-gun-control-stephen-p-halbrook  After all, if the people don't have a right to self-defense, then I don't see how they could delegate that power to their public servants. You can't delegate powers you never had.
So sad. Children need to be raised as children and sheltered from any sexualisation. Once they are teens they can figure out their identity on their own without it being forced on them.
[removed]
I'll tell you what will happen...nothing...except we won't throw money down a rat hole.  The CO2 reductions because of this treaty will be insignificant because they've nixed the only real alternative...nuclear.  It's BS from top to bottom and only feeds the "chicken little class".
Fucked up but kind of makes me happy.  Proof they are getting nervous that real consequences are coming for them.
[deleted]
Those who live in rapists houses shouldn't throw rapists?  Is this about Bill?
If it were my call, I'd pass a bill that combat vets are exempt from all drug laws. If the SOB wants to shoot heroin all day, let him/her, they've earned the right to drop out if they so choose. I would pray that none of them make that choice, but if they do, so be it. I can only imagine what it's like to be in combat, promising GOD anything if He just gets you home alive and in one piece... MAGA!
This is not covfefe, it needs to stop.
Best anime waifu back at it again.
What a twat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Succubus  &gt; In modern representations, a succubus may or may not appear in dreams and is often depicted as a highly attractive seductress or enchantress; whereas, in the past, succubi were generally depicted as frightening and demonic.
It's not but there is nothing to stop them from doing it. Each sub has its own personality. They design their own guidelines.
The fake stuff, facon, made out of whatever that unedible shit is.
Must have!!!  Give as Christmas gift!!! Imagine the advertising. Cologne commercials are hilarious unironic self parody.
Both of those are fucking disgusting and a disgrace to the office but it its a bit different when someone with tons of outreach does it and posts it on social media then some random hillbilly doing it in there backyard
 No we don't!  Our lefty cucked media do!
That is SOOO anti Semitic but I think they were trying to say that 'climate change realists uh Deniers post anti-Semitic memes? 🤷🏼‍♀️
These orc posts genuinely make my mornings, top kek
Here is how you help him, take his remote control, add parental controls, and block CNN, MSNBC, ABC, &amp; NBC.
[removed]
Fuck r/conspiracy
Bots my friend. No way in hell those are all legitimate
u/Boon_Backwards you should remove this post this is not RC cola's real account.
It really did backfire on her a lot.  I hope she doesn't run again in 8 years.  Once Trump's terms are completely up I'd like the opportunity to elect a semi-decent Democrat.  She's a cancer on the Democratic party, kinda sucks.
You could apply the same standard to their respective wives, couldn't you?
I get my falafels from the Greeks, 100% of the falafel, now with 97% less suicide bombing.
that fucking twitter account wreaks my brain every time
Washington Post:  "Scientists Conclude What the President Will Look Like in 2020, and It's Beautiful"
I am ALL Ken M on this blessed day.
Who needs flipflopping politicians when the media can do it for them?
[removed]
ARGH I've seen and eaten some of that garbage
[removed]
I'm actually getting tired of winning (I'm not).
The colors for kids video. There's no map, it's just monotone colors. Also, the videos are weird, but it's probably something for an ARG, as it's too obvious and ridiculous for anything else. I've done some of the same stuff myself. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvbaNdDEZ-g
Of all the rich celebrities in the world, I actually feel like Rob Schneider and I could actually relate to one another if we were neighbors. I actually feel like I could invite him over to my house of squalor, for some cheap beer, and a friendly chat, and he wouldnt think twice.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Agreed
I concur with you right in the pussy.
[removed]
Cartoon frog always wins
Liberals would love to turn our country into the mirror image of France. They don't have near the personal freedoms that we do.
Can you blame them?          A) They get to be around winners and experience what winning is like vicariously.          B) Like watching a travel show of a wonderful place you'll never be able to afford visiting, they get to see what hanging around supporting people is like          C) As much as we criticize them, it is still 200 times better than hanging around their own kind.       D) Imagine if you were sentenced to be a shill/cuck.  A lifetime of that has to be worse than capital punishment.
Yeah, but she look most like Cyrl Sneer so it's ok.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpaWtrEqga0
Get the fuck out with that disrespectful bullshit.
Disgusting cowards.  Who wants to bet they received exactly zero "threats"?  Trying to appease their cuckifornia patrons.
You're on it.
Too late, you're still vile devils out of the pit of hell, CNN! You deserve A double dildo in the starfish. Too harsh? I can't hold back any longer. They've crossed the line, I'm crossing it too. God forgive me
Hell, I'm 21 and I'd freak out if an ugly cunt would show up on telly holding up what looks like my old man's bloody head.
yep. remember this? http://i.magaimg.net/img/o2q.png
"I will stand up" against covert foreign entanglements foreign endeavors.  But seriously how long before fake news is saying that Covfefe is russian code 😂
Oh is the left gonna go all "free speech" all the sudden?
You cannot link me to a message, these are only for you to read, you have to paste the text insider here or was that all there was in it?
She's not funny. No covfefe for her.
She wouldn't have lost the election if she weren't an amoral scumbag with the charisma of a rock.
👌🔥
Wait is this true? Hahah praise kek
[deleted]
[deleted]
Or "Navy corpse man"
We should lock her up.
And senile old people shouldn't be allowed to be political figureheads on Twitter who accidentally botch statements so bad that they still make some sense. Haha
It accomplishes nothing and costs lots
Well you see what had happen was.
Wasn't she doing a comedy club the other day at the reservation casino?
The deplorables.
You should ask him, since you died in 2011.
I'm offended. outrage mode on.
[deleted]
No, it's specially designed for us to see it.  Only people who search for MKUltra or know what caesar cipher is  (not kids ...) will see these videos.   It's a scam
[removed]
Wifi..  Every *bit* counts..  I giggled.
i really think we shouldn't let anybody in right now. Look at the problems we already have! Let's fix that first before accepting thousands more.
That woman is no danger to you. What she did was her choice, but everybody also gets to decide what we think about that. We get to make a choice, which is why she lost money and business. You are protected and loved, your mother &amp; father are protected and loved. Put it out of your head and think about your plans for summer vacation instead!
It's possible he just became disillusioned after working there.
WUZ
&gt;Asylum? What is it with Peacekeepers. First they hunt us, then they want to move in. Are we a bed and breakfast. Do we have a sign outside that says "Free HBO?"  ^(-Commander John Crichton, Promises)  Germans have always accepted their government's word.  Damn shame the EU exists to drag down the rest.
CNN:  Who cares? Covfefe REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
More dumbshit covfefe shit...
thats all i see when i look out at the literal boatloads of military aged single men
Maybe so, but he's our fuckin' nutjob.   Nobody has done more to keep the Awan Brothers story alive, and that is what is going to take the whole deep state down.    He's also raised many unanswered questions about Seth Rich.  Which hospital was he taken to?   Where is the autopsy?  How long between arriving at the hospital and his death?  If George Webb is disinfo, he's really bad at it, because he certainly has gotten many people on the internet digging into this stuff.
[deleted]
we already know it was.
Somebody at a place I work at is like this. He has notifications turned on for when Donald Trump tweets so he can stop everything he's doing and send a tweet back to Trump the moment he posts anything. They serious revolve their lives around a tweet.
#SETH RICH
Violence is ok as self defense.  No reason to be violent against their kids as their kids haven't been violent.  Prefer to pursue advertisers.  "Look at this violent fuck that company x supports!  Company X is HORRID."
hahahaha
Hey , maybe you don't understand how kids think + act , how come Your  kid ran away from your Home,😕
[deleted]
better go back to your safe space.
&gt;...are getting scoops direct from WH...  Like, TWO scoops?  #**REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!**
mean "I Stand Up"?
Survival.  Her tactic has always been to play dumb and to lie. No one should be surprised
The cold chai tea induced massive seizure on camera.
true, I heard it could also be yiddish
In a tight election, she opted to double down on gun control when there is no evidence its ever been a winning issue, and a huge history of being a big loser in most states.  Had Obama not gone after guns in his second term, and had Hillary completely stayed away from the issue and voiced lack of support for further measures as the DNC had since getting creamed on the issue consistantly since the useless 1994 AW ban they had passed, she'd have won.  Gun control doesn't win any voters, but it loses millions.  Even as horrible a candidate as she was, it was so tight that Mike Bloomberg cost Hillary the election on gun control.
Lol
To me it means whatever I want it to mean
I feel sorry for you guys in Europe but until you uncuck your citizens and wake up to the EU being petty dictators controlling your elections, only the creator can save you now. Your government has willingly taken in the Trojan horse.
4chan doesn't listen to us. If 4chan starts an op to destroy the confidence of celebritys' children because the left is making it okay to target kids, all we can do is sit back and watch.  We here may feel like allies to those on 4chan, and they may even privately bask in the glow of our admiration, but just remember: 4chan is the OG internet hate machine. And thus far, we've simply been very *very* lucky that the left is so easy to hate.  All it takes is one bad day.
The main reason why generation z is so based, is because "The Tolerant Left" wastes no chance to embarrass themselves on social media.
I havent been following him that much til recently. But his videos from a couple of days ago sound like hes talking to "somebody" and not his audience. Just weird stuff going on with him. He sounds legit, but then crazy at the same time lol. "We need to go back to the old way of harvesting organs..." He said he has ties to Israel, I wonder what his background is.
Exactly. We should be showing support for Trump exiting the Paris Agreement.    Also, Seth Rich seems to have been forgotten about.
Are they really a gay couple since the pregnant guy is a woman?
Ask why their sub name discriminates against trans-women.
Maybe to outsiders, but for many in T_D, this is the only portion of the site we ever really visit. Why is it scary?
Here's the math....  (W=M+B=F)+GH=Hipster Family  (Woman=Man+Baby+Gay Husband=Hipster Family)  The ultimate hipsters. Having a woman go trans-man and have a baby, just so the real man can say he's in a gay relationship.
**Anti-Migrant Rape Wear**
Not a typo; Covfefe means "I will stand up" I'm Arabic.
LITERALLY Describing CTR - just replace HIlary with Trump, and Russia with Soros.  The level of projection is over 9000
That's just the contact for the website. People should tweet Simon &amp; Schuster and let them know what their children's author said.   I took a look at his twitter and he's really sick actually.
First one is her but quite old picture.
Meh, it is politics, every politician and political strategist knew what was happening when that happened.   They always want to maximize a victory and minimize a defeat.
Imagine the trail of tears in the left after that defeat
I love Pink Floyd.  So much that I named my puppy Floyd.  With that being said...Roger Waters can go fuck himself.
Math below, but of course not. It's the ultimate, in terms of bullshit.
The comment chains are bots, they just change up what they say, manually type up a new chain sometimes, and go back every now and then and manually respond to people that waste time responding to their tweets so it looks like they're actually humans.  In the end, though, the best way to mess with the twitter algorithm (as told to them, most likely, but the admins at twitter) is:  - Post early, post often - Post a long series of replies to yourself - Post from a verified account  So that's exactly what they do. Make sure that the first thing anyone sees when they open up a tweet is a HUGE list of comments that do everything they can to try to make Trump look like a fool. Because if they saw people agreeing with him, or simply read his message without being told how they're supposed to be responding to it, people might actually *agree with him*.
IS
Red - star wars Blue - britney spears Green - green balloons Yellow - "oh yes, I remember" Pink - the little mermaid  Wtf does this mean?
God Bless you.
No, the weird codes are text encrypted with caesar cipher, but you are right, it's bait, it's another cicada 3301 bullshit. It's made for us, not for kids, see my comment here: https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6einso/4chan_found_mkultramonarch_conditioning_videos_on/diao8vd/
Yep, or it could just be a plain typo but it's fun to speculate!  Hopefully, he will clarify one day but I kinda hope he doesn't, that way it can be whatever anyone wants it to be.
Have you seen his twitter feed? This guy seems really sick.
wikileaks emails* sorry need more covfe'fe
Sorry to hear this news. Regroup and hit the grind.
That'd be awesome. And weird
Good.
Brigading cucks are up early or are still up playing The Sims. Doesn't matter. If they keep burying I'll delete and repost.
Burman is a Never Trumper snek who wants to make sure Russia is involved.
[deleted]
Hopefully there will be tons of plaques of all the best campaign tweets
They have already started making new subs to bot posts to the front since the matrump sub had restrictions placed on it. I saw today a new one called trump criticizes trump, just a collection of tweets they claim are hypocritical.  Of course it has 50k subs and had 4k online but their posts are getting 12 to 20k upvotes. Totally not botting going on...
Material poverty may be covfefe level shittiness; but it is not the covfefe level shittiness as that vain existence of restless physical, moral, and intellectual flabbiness.
Portland Oregon, you don't say.
Hmmm. He has a book on Amazon. What should we do?
Hostile powers...?  OH HE MEANS MUSLIMS.
parkhomenko russian bot  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Dude lighten up.  Trump himself told us to enjoy it.
[Please allow me to retort](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-gP-x0Frp8a0/V0ScA9tAbOI/AAAAAAAAZyA/alq3yAz-exgpd9IdCFBKkTwu2NrbMhpRACKgB/s1600/08850ffd795cb4d114ddaa3fe1dff509.jpg)
Alright i've seen enough Donald Trump Jr 2024!
BINGO!
[deleted]
Pretty sure Trump meant: Coverage of vacuous fluff establishes frivolous entertainment. Master troll.
[deleted]
I have had a feeling the international trip was to quietly say in private meetings that thing are about to go down, but Daddy is in charge.  He showed strength with Syria and the MOAB and that he should be taken seriously first so other nations like China (who said they would step into the World Leader role) stay sat down while it happens.  It's been planned for weeks and weeks.
Well probably not best to announce it to the world
[removed]
Grande Explosion Part Two: Arianna Cries For You
Heh, as I said it yesterday they'll just try to attack Barron. Reading these tards are the easiest thing.
[deleted]
[removed]
#BILL CLINTON IS  A RAPIST - INFOWARS.COM
To be fair actors rarely are known for being smart. They do and say what they're told to for a living.
Can someone cut a video of her saying bill clinton is a rapist
They ruined Suits too.
Gone but not forgotten. A brave soul for doing a job that needs to be done.
Remember when he tried to force it through the backdoor after Hillary lost?
Just thinking the same
Also because shes a cunt.
ISIS beheadings: ok.  Trump tweets covfefe: libs take it as an opportunity to bash him more while we're laughing
What's wrong with the free market? If people REALLY care about the environment they'll buy the cars at a higher price when the subsidies are removed.
But not focus on it for days on end... We're wasting time, something we are very limited on. Yet the deep state remains and has forever!!!
I stopped watching that as well.
There'd be lemonade too. The real stuff because Tammy doesn't deal with that Crystal Light bullshit.
The second I posted a reply to something here in The_Donald I got the banned message from these assholes.  What a bunch of tools.  I've never posted anything in that sub.  I honestly do not even remember subscribing there.  I was probably drunk.
"Federal Threat Investigation Team "  could be fun as well if it's not over your character limit.   Leftists  (who have almost assuredly made some veiled threats if not outright) would wonder if Secret Service was on to  them and how soon they might be arrested.   You could probably watch people in range looking down and not making eye contact as they try to get out of the area.
Bookmarked for future stumpage.
I thought I remembered that the Billy Bush video came out as a deflection from wikileaks.
*Micronesia
with a 90% overhead like some rapist named foundations
The one speech she made that mentioned Seth she started how his death was a reason to rid the streets of weapons of war.  WTF does she know that she was letting slip? A thug with a handgun is not a weapon of war. She is slime.
My favorite is how they hurl it at us like an insult too. And yet the right just laughs it off because it was a silly twitter typo and has no actual fucking impact on anything.
My name is Hi_liar_y and I approve this message
Especially since she's done and said a lot of horrible stuff to internet users.   She even tried to get videogames banned
This might interest you http://archive.is/n6N4d
[removed]
Desperation makes people act crazy.  The new DOJ is coming for these people.
Ding ding ding!
They were expecting one of them in the wreckage...
They can't. They are in bed too deep with Soros, the ACTUAL Nazi Jew who wants to destabilize America to make more money (because being a billionaire isn't good enough).
How about that one where's she's talking?
[deleted]
Cobwebs and echos
We are a nation of laws.
http://static.srcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/chucky.jpg
Yah, like right now. Guy is a heartless sicko. Allies with Griffin/ISIS.
Hide his pot.
Sore loser
 But she's going to win in 2020!  /s
Someone get the 4chan autism team on this and check wikileaks emails for info.
Awesome.  I wonder if his kids will turn conservative when they see how the liberals treat their father.
Don't sink to their depressing state.
Just sounds like a bunch of trash people trying to be 'edgy' by looking like fools. If any jobs see this shit, they would never get hired, but let's be honest, none of them work
You should have told him you were gay first.
Duncan hills coffee
Don Jr. &gt; Ivanka &gt; Kushner &gt;&gt;&gt; Chelsea
Where did the C come from?
I will double your donations and buy 152000000 covfefe
Before you know it she'll muster up a whole fake cat dying saying that was the real issue she lost.   "scalia was a good cat,  he was with me for many years,  when he passed cause a Republican ran him over I was lucky enough to have a refugee near by who picked the cat up and helped me make funeral arrangements..  I couldn't eat,  sleep,  I was weakened emotionally and physically,  causing me to pass out and hack up phlem...  Have pity on me....  Hillary 2020"
In a liberal home, I think they might be in shock if you weren't an atheist.
Let's watch it backfire on him.
Murder investigations that perhaps implicate very powerful people will generally try to keep evidence hidden from the general public until everything is in order.  A DUI arrest is not the same.
I know but it's funny nevertheless. As it destroys the pre-election liberal narrative that Trump would be a foreign policy disaster, especially in the Muslim world. Instead, Trump is much more popular than Obama - who is probably a closet Muslim.
Exactly,the desperate Dems and MSM try to cover it up by screaming Russia. The people who belong in jail are the same ones trying to cover it up. We will get to the bottom of it. OBAMAGATE
When are they expected to testify?
[removed]
Lol
Bernie was supposed to roll over and play dead after Iowa, but then he started making tons of money with the donations.
Let us take a moment , for the death of logic is passing us by as we speak. In time, they will blame nature and guilt nature.
He doesn't really have a choice.  His companies only exist because enviroloons are supporting him.  They were already close to abandoning him for joining the Trump team in the first place.
I don't get why people think it's ok to make fun of children like that.
Did they ask her why they tried to cover up the Flint water poisoning?  Colorado River poisoning?  Rampant sexual harassment at the EPA?
This is actually a great idea.  Free up some space for violent offenders and teach inmates the value of work.
I imagine it will be much like Nov 8 only with more memes
Yesterday 2xchromosomes banned multiple people with an algorithm set to ban subscribers who are specifically subscribed to t_d. Im looking into whether what they did was illegal or not.
because that ever amounts to anything :(
Just got banned from /xxchromosomes. I think my new license plate COVFEFE is the BEST revenge. Apparently, I associate with "other posters who cause trouble on their sub". Replied to them that Nov 9 was a great morning in my adult life and that the Supreme Court has been saved. MAGA!
Looks like meats back on the menu boys!
Lol I think being center allows me to see the good from both sides of the spectrum. You, on the other hans, vehemently deny that welfare programs do any good. Sure, there are abusers, but there are also people who fall on hard times and could use a little assistance to get back on their feet.
The horselords have given way to the horse girls.  and you know what they say about horse girls
I'm thinking of the word "Killared".
Savage
Savager
[removed]
You mean like 97% of the polls saying Hillary had a 97% chance of winning and in the end she wasted $1.2 Billion?
I'd pay for a small portion of the wall to watch the debates between Donald "Big D" Trump and Mark "Power Corner" Cuckerburg.
Oh repulsive. Use more big mean words please :(
Is it Soviet in Russian?
exactly, more nothingburger!
[removed]
Let's not spread fake news, my friends; there's absolutely no evidence whatsoever that Webster Hubbell had sex with Monica Lewinsky.
This just isn't true.  You are watching crappy "pop" interviews and getting what you would expect to get.  Watch his real rocket interviews.
We have the most aesthetically pleasing thumb nails, don't we folks?
Your father is an intolerant cuck.  He should respect who you are and what you think.  He may think he has control over your mind at 16 but he doesn't.  Keep your head down focus on learning everything you can about how the real world works, not what's in our socialist schools and colleges.  You will find more knowledge in your day to day life than can ever be taught in school.   Play the game when it comes to getting good grades but always think for yourself and question authority.
And now here you are, trying to solve S Ric H's murder and save the World from an evil shadow government...
She got the questions ahead of time /s
My God, that was hard to parse.
[deleted]
People are going to turn on her if she keeps going like this
I'd be surprised if they weren't pissed. Unfortunately the DNC is the only type of organization they'll ever get to represent their socialist ideals. It's an inevitability.
Congratulations! 🎉
[removed]
This is verifiable.   please verify it for me
They did! But their stories were weak as shit
Wow. Amazing
Because Russia!
Also the first time the meme was used properly. It's usually for normies and never that funny, this one was pretty good though.
Teammates? Really OP? Was he playing a fucking football game?
Bullies always attack the easiest targets, because they're cowards. What could be an easier target for an adult bully than a child?
And here I am, I just need a few grand...
fbi anon suggests it was CIA   https://pastebin.com/qZ48sRz3
Sorry, the first time i ever posted on t_d was on my other reddit username.   After my first post i got a load of death threats among other shit.   Sorry i got defensive, im like noooo i gotta deal with this shit again... And btw i just noticed the typo after u posted
President Hatch is cracking down
Was around town yesterday, someone's network was 'Hillary's Secured Server'. We're fighting the good fight, boys.
Fucking mad man
Great posting. Commenting now so I can easily find this later. I imagine this afternoon after the press briefing is when the whiners and complainers will be taking to Facebook to express their outrage.
Not if men also get leave when they're wife has children.
[deleted]
Dont watch her. Dont see her perform stand ups or movies. That satanic occult Hollywood entertainer does not deserve it
I smoke illegally in my grandparent's attic, but I'm still in college so I get a pass.
I kind of really love that comeback
Jesus fuck I couldn't even make it past one video
it means: I won't be stopped  despite the constant negative media covfefe
Believe me, actual liberals feel the same way, they are just backed into a corner now.  These people are not liberals. They have hijacked liberalism just like the others have conservatism. The KKK does not represent conservatives, white supremacists do not represent conservatives and these people do not represent liberals.  The only difference is that we can reject "our" nutcases. They cannot.  I personally think liberals hearts are generally in the right place but they let it control their logic but I hold no actual ill will towards anyone's ideology.  It's going to get worse before it gets better though.  I would have to assume at some point they will be a split in the liberal party, as some of "them" go a bit too far. One of these days a high profile democrat will be expected to capitulate to something this absurd and he/she will decline and they will get attacked.  That's when the tides will turn on this nonsense.  It's coming...The reckoning is coming.  I literally just saw a post on an 8 year old boy in full drag on a stage (child abuse). Imagine a democrat commenting on that tweet/article in a positive manner, that career would be over.  I just read an article about how paid maternity leave is a bad thing.  I also read (not today) about a non pregnant woman who wanted the same "vacation" pay and "benefits" pregnant mothers get.  Every few days there is a post including pedophiles under the LGBT flag. (not saying LGBT condones this at all)  White women not being able to join a feminist movement.  Only gay females attending female protests...  The dam is going to break.
And, Trey Gowdy specifically asked Brennan if any ambassadors were involved in unmasking. Brennan said he couldn't say for sure but seemed to remember 'maybe something.'
But Pokémon go is the perfect comparison to her. Everyone thought it was the greatest thing and then a month later people realized it's not that good an switched to a different game.
Well said
Just a heads-up...  As someone mentioned in the comments, you can edit the title to a video posted long ago. I did not see the word mentioned in the video itself.
Oh I'm sorry, in that case........
#Yeah, it was that insufferable frog!
Why don't we speak of the privileges minorities have? I'm a minority and I still need to work my ass of as anyone else
It gives you the "fear" because it's illegal.
Somewhere Alex Jones is cracking open a can of beer. Someone make a video of her saying that and loop it 100 times.
lmfao I'm dying xD
[deleted]
Career? I hope SS gets her locked up, srs.
Lol, I'm 1/2 Croatian, Danish and Irish. Born in New Jersey.
And the police did an autopsy on the boy who was eaten by an alligator live on you tube but not for Scalia.
she had no choice.  she had to primise him a promotion to get him out of the way so carrot-top could chair the DNC so they could straight steal it from Bernie...   but yeah, any plan with Tim Kaines stupid clown face in the middle of it was always gonna be a loser
You left out the bankrupt DNC that she had to prop up and their bad data.
My gun club would be down for this
President Trump will protect the USA from communism.
"I'm just chillin' in Cedar Rapids" https://youtu.be/vbcc8x7j1Lg
Since I was a child I was bigly into computers. For a long time though they were not very mainstream but I also hoped once they did we as a people would progress and all get smarter and more articulate. The opposite seems to have happened, English skills in general have deteriorated. Even my own by socializing with people through the cluster-fuck of requirement social media has become. Honestly if you told me back in 2005 that in over a decade they would bring back the race card and race baiting I would have called you bat-shit insane. I suppose we all have learned live doesn't progress down a logical path.
While I agree with you (I do feel that the political landscape has moved underneath me since the 90s) there is also an element of red pilling too.  My feelings on multiculturalism have done a complete 180 in the last 10 years or so.
That whole 'interview' yesterday was a ham-handed attempt at rewriting history. She still has no clue how the internet works.
That would be exactly the sort of thing he would to a nod to the Arab heads of state he met last week.   Nice.
Hmm. I agree but I wanna point out that wannacry was based off leaked exploits from the nsa, and it caused severe problems in the nhs in Britian.
Update:  Megyn just said live on NBC that she just got word that she will get a 1 on 1 interview with Putin.  Oh man I can't wait to see this.
Mine was re state Dept collusion with AP reporters re the Hillary email releases, per podesta emails. From secretary and under secretary titled employees during June 2016...could be interesting.
It's not a valid point when it's the same author who writes contradicting articles.  Not sure if that is the case here, but it has been in the past.
Looks like Hillary ran her "spontaneous" tweet through an email committee again.  I wonder what would happen if she just let loose for a second, and said what she really thought?
Haha you got DWS's wet dog look on point 🐕🐕. woof.
Shoulda asked if hed take McCaine back.
Silly Libbies! Mexicans can't afford toilet paper!  Plus most don't have indoor plumbing!
Rather than build a "wall" at the border, France has decided to wall-off everything which requires protection from Islam within the borders. First came the Eiffel Tower and now they must wall-off grocery stores. Makes sense.
How'd you get this, btw? I can't seem to get it to work
"You're not a man like me! How many game shows have you won consecutively, loser?"  Also, he got his ass kicked by WATSON on jeopardy, so the dude's job is automated now.
KEK- This idiot was the first to respond,sending multiple Tweets that were of course garbage http://i.magaimg.net/img/o3i.jpg
Good summary of the current political context, and how blind to it leftists are.  2018 will be a bloodbath, and they will be surprised again.
Too late she's blown any sort of good will he might have had for her
Its not possible without a full scale invasion and a formal alliance with Russia.   Libya is more feasible, much smaller population, but you've got the infinite Sahara for jihadists to get reinforcements from.   You could fund the intervention by confiscating Libyan oil though, and its much easier to deport migrants from Europe to Libya and from Libya back where they belong.   Syria.... much larger population, completely feral, and if you thought Iraq was an quagmire..
Where's Pepe?
Most of them will just never accept that any of the evidence is real, no matter its source.  They will claim that Trump is prosecuting them to save himself from his own crimes, of which there seems to be no evidence of.  They have lost the plot, their future is not good.
&gt; Shitposting &gt; Poetry  To win The Great Meme War, you have to be funny first.
It's been profitable for years now.  You are confusing what "Profit" on a balance sheet is and its relation to what you think of by profit.  Their all in cost of production gives them about $20,000 profit for each model S.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3640  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/35292)
UpTrumped for ancient Pink Floyd reference!
so comey is going to admit to multiple felonies? because not immediately reporting any attempted obstruction is a felony for federal law enforcement officers
Wait..... removing burdensome regulations and inspiring investment in America creates jobs? Malik's brother told me that the government creates jobs! Must be Russian interference in our economy
She also knows about all of the unmasking. She and Barry both know that their days are numbered.   I'm sure when she wakes up she thinks, "who do I need to kill today?"
I'm tired of all this winning (I'm not)
Dont be a fool, if the US didnt have the subsidy people would be buying electric cars from China. If it's so easy, start your own car company.
The line of thinking was they had a selection of data they were paying attention to that was through her campaign manager/data manager/resident creep Mook, and they didn't trust anyone else's info.  Why should they, when they thought the midwest was safe blue like it had been for Obama?  DNC was working with a different set of data which disagreed with them, and honestly, I don't think that data ever REACHED Hillary, given how her inner circle apparently rebuffed any outside information that didn't come directly to them to pass on to Hillary.
#M A G A
 CNN: Comey had no intent to perjure himself.
Damn, I'm thinking of joining twitter just so I can encourage him to leak more
Well no, he's not. He's the CEO.  Is Tesla on the government teet?   By all means yes, as are all his other companies in one form or another.   Is he a complete fraud? No, but he's not Tony Stark.
I never noticed how big Barron looks until now.
Also dump trillions into another leftard racket that will ""fix AGW""
Check out pages 20~25, MASSIVE violations of 4th Amendment for years under obongo
I'm saving a fortune this year by not taking my family to Marvel movies. Thanks Ruffalo and Cheadle!
Yea, except Cuckifornia doesn't have a horde of orcs like those places in Sweden.
Heh yep i seen that post where they had his address on there :)  Imagine if we/they were like antifa? Christ.  Pretty sure he fucked up bad.
Sadness
Beautiful!
I'm pretty sure this tax credit applies to all automakers that make EVs and the tax credit is currently getting phased out on its own.
This is just the Obama economy Drumpfbots... Muh Russia... Two Scoops... REEEEEEEEEE!!!
Build yourself a big beautiful wall double XX'ers.  What's up with assuming a gender based on XX anyway? Sexist pigs.
Thanks Based Putin
&gt; If subs were races, what would that be called?   We could ask that question about a lot of things.
The two often coincide.
Keep pushing PEDES!!
This is awesome, w trump and pence too hahaha
I live in a red zone. Thanks Merkel
#YOU DIDN'T BUILD THAT
I fucking love when people trash Clinton
"I take complete responsibility for having morons work for me, causing me to lose."
Yes you can, that's directed against the responsible party. Attacking children is wilful collateral damage. Drew Carey's little snot son may be an exception.
They feel justified in banning anyone who has ever posted here because they're not allowed to post their leftist nonsense here.
That would be a great idea, but she wouldn't do it in a million years. All she ever does is throw people under the bus (by whatever means it takes) to advance HER goals.  She couldn't care less about the DNC... She demonstrated that during the primaries
You have to go back to hillarys history, to videos of her talking to the media, to her statements about serious crimes she was being accused of.  We who had her husband as president, remember how she plays.  If I had to give her any credit I would say she is the the, harlot drunk with the blood of the saints.  You think she is crazy acting now, wait till she finds herself painted into a corner, if anyone that works(ed) for her has any sense, they need to get out while the getting out is good. Remember the Benghazi hearing, she threw everyone under the bus.  Blamed those working under her for not telling her about the situation, that she didn't get calls. Come on, she is no dummy, I would be suprised if some of the elite go down this time.
Obummer wished he had these numbers.
Came here to say exactly this.  Sunshine laws in Florida make it the most transparent state in the nation for crime reporting.  It's a double-edged sword that I mostly agree with.  Everything gets released to the press which makes it transparent, but it also makes every story of a crime committed in Florida really sensational and overblown.
She's pissed the DNC off, I don't see them supporting her in another run. She &amp; Bo have sunk their party.
Twenty Confefes were made and expire soon. Only one has ever been used.   #Unleash the CONFEFE!
One of the funniest things I have read on this subreddit, which says a lot. Bravo.
DWS
well, Warren Buffet owned the trains that were originally being used to transport it. Weird how he was completely against the "harmful environmental" effects that the pipeline will have.
[removed]
Hey Baron:  There are so many people who care about you and your family, I hope you can ignore those few idiots who have no intelligence or class.  We have your back and your dad's back.
[removed]
When does "Everyone I didn't put a hit out on" make the list?
**MY PRESIDENT!**
That is a perfect description of everything that is wrong with environmentalism on the left. All they want to do is fund studies on climate change and whine about rising sea levels. There is no discussion of practical ways to solve environmental issues.
Part and parcel of buying beer in a city.
Wow.  I bet Clinton supporters love hearing how they donated tons of money to her campaign but it's great she lost and such a blessing!
I feel like this will attract thousands of more trolls that never even thought of them before.
(It's not)
[deleted]
Don't worry, the russian trump bots will upvote you pede
Hell hath no fury like a Roseanne scorned.
[deleted]
Doesn't mention Bernie Sanders.People blame him for trying to win in the primaries....
I think you misunderstand, I'm not saying that she cares about *him*. But he isn't "gone" like the other people she has "expended" because people are still saying his name. *That's* why she would be losing sleep at night, because everyone but Seth Rich disappeared into it - Seth Rich though is here to haunt her until she's brought to justice.  He is a ghost hanging over her shoulder because he's still here as long as we keep saying his name, and its not the fact that she had him killed that would bother her - but that all of these eyes are on her because of it.
A moral person is they that can reflect on the sense of moral law within them only with increasing awe.  I imagine Hillary Clinton may only do the opposite.
I get more embarrassed for Hillary than I ever could for myself.
Dont worry I'm sure this will be all over the media.
hollywood will eat itself as it wakes up to the reality of its shitlib hubris.
The mac 💻 is a nice touch 👍 👌🏻 🔥
[removed]
[removed]
Same here. My son watches loves to watch toy videos, I'm fucking livid.
Really makes you think 🤔.
Anderson Cooper's face is like "Damn I might not have a job in a few years. Is this what it feels like to not control public opinion anymore?"
No. That is *leans in* WRONG.
I knew it sounded familiar. This is sounding more and more like bullshit.
I dig it
That's what happens when you have a dark cheatin heart????  🎶🎶🎶Your Cheatin Heart🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶. If It Wasn't For _______, The possibilities are infinite, mon ami, n'est pas?
[deleted]
Don't you ever look at yourself in the mirror and see disgust for advocating for the murder of an innocent man, or do tou justify it
Theyre paid
Can confirm. After almost 2 years of not having a full time job, I got a full time job in May.
Twitter is now blocking access to anti Clinton tweets. Major escalation.
She needs to pay for the same support this is why she can't understand.
"This'll change his mind!" they said before giving money to cartels and snorting cocaine.
EXACTLY. His whole existence and wealth is based upon the notion that Climate Change is a SUPER HUGE ISSUE and we all must spend 70k on an electric car to save the Earth. That's why he's in such a tizzy with this Paris agreement withdrawal - it begins to unravel his purpose.
This this this this this this this
Every morning in October I was up and refreshing wikileaks to see what was there. A labor of love and patriotic duty to my country.
Top kek!!!!
I loved it when he tried to make a move on sessions grandchildren and sessions swatted him away. Good ole creepy uncle joe.
Not melting at all. Just asking a legitimate question.
Holy shit! Compare May of this year to May of last year.    Obama BTFO!
That 40 year old virgin, pedo, milk drinking freak from Jeopardy.
THREAD BEING BRIGADED INCOMING. HOLD YOUR GROUND.
The the brigade is strong.
Guy on the far right had a Covfefe overdose
That's a bet.
I think you need to go to the full page version on this Dom Reddit.  And change it there. You can't see it on the app
Only Beppe Grillo can save Italy.     (He's the Italian Trump)
I'd spend 12 years learning to be a surgeon (or whatever it takes) to get paid the same as someone who jacks off all day. /s
(it won't)
All my dad watches is wolf and don lemon
Her brain must be so warped I can't even imagine
And my axe. And my upvote. His name was Seth Rich.   Wow, spez lotta downvotes here. Don't worry I don't think anyone's onto you
Basically to scheme and flaunt themselves in Trump's face and mock those of us who know they're the evil puppet masters in all this.
Exactly.  They thought that would destroy him.
Op's a racist retard Saudi Arabia was one of the first to respond as 2 relatives of the Saudi royal family were at the concert as they live in London.Try not getting all your news off twitter you ignorant moron, a 5 second search before you posted would of shown what a pathetic ignorant lying cuck you are but you only wanted to post something racist anyway hey you ignorant piece of shit .OP is a example of the "enemy within"President Trump warned about about, just a ignorant racist piece of shit trying to hide among Trump supporters OUT OUT OUT  "President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed sent a cable of condolences to Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II, state news agency Wam reported.  Sheikh Khalifa expressed his sincere condolences to the Queen, her government, and families of the victims of the attack.  Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, Vice President and Ruler of Dubai, and Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces, also sent cables of condolences to Britain.  The UAE Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation said the UAE’s "unwavering stance rejects terrorism in all its forms and manifestations".  The ministry stressed support for the British government in the face of terrorism, and expressed its sincere condolences and solace to the British government, people, and families of the victims of the criminal incident. "
-I'd rather die than be married to you"  -you sure about that?
Lol fck you brigader.
Dad drinking his covfefe after he just got done waking up and plowing his ultra hot wife.  Dad goes to check on Jimmy, but makes sure he puts on his MAGA hat beforehand.   Long day of work ahead getting all his employees lined out for the day's business.  Tough, but rewarding life of a business owner.    Jimmy been up all night working for Sharia Blue on that night differential that brings his pay up to $9.50/hr.  Jimmy wanted to move out a long time ago, but the gender studies degree just wasn't cutting the mustard on the job market.  Besides, nobody wants to hire a gender fluid basket case that is so offended by every little thing that no boss (like dad) is willing to take on the added liability.  Plus, let's be honest...Jimmy isn't their best, either.   Not pictured is Samantha.  Dad and mom couldn't afford to pay for college when she graduated high school.  Dad's business had not taken off yet.  So Samantha joined the military, became a medic, and served her time.  Used the GI Bill to propel her into nursing school, but that wasn't challenging enough.  So she decided to become a doctor.  Currently she's working 100 hours a week in residency making jack shit for money, but in another couple of years she's going to be making a cool 200k /yr in her first contract.  Probably 250k in her next.  She will pay off her loans in a few years of that because she's got a plan, and because she was awarded scholarships for her hard work, and she sacrificed and worked hard to get the GI Bill.  Samantha also runs marathons, is a 10 like mom, and by the time she's 40 she will be raising 3 kids that will make the world a better place.  She's got better shit to do than sit in dad's basement shilling all night.    And the cycle continues....
As a country which decided to vote **against** a politician who wanted to drive Muslims out, I have no sympathy for France. However, I feel sorry for the nearly 35% who have voted for Le Pen.
As of now Hydrogen is better if you have hydrogen lying around, however when you factor in producing and storing charged hydrogen, its about half as efficient as the current battery.  But the race is still on for both concepts it will be seen what wins out. Consider this though with a battery powered car you can get your energy any way. With hydrogen you need an elaborate setup to produce it cost efficiently which puts you at the mercy of the suppliers. It will probably be illegal to produce your own hydrogen. Of course with batteries you have a similar situation where they degrade over time and need to be replaced, but new technologies could mitigate/eliminate that. And I don't think Musk would hold out on the forever battery because he can't sell a new one after 10 years.
You should expect to not be able to purchase beer in peace. Part and parcel!
99 problems but a bi... Oh wait, it is!
It's almost like securing borders lowers terrorism. Go figure!!!
She wouldn't flinch.
Select start for two players and another b a
[deleted]
Ehhhhh... I suspect it's just something funky - its happened to me several times over the past year.  Just hit subscribe and it seems to be fine.
She's still twice as hot as my mrs...
We are getting heavily brigaded (What else is new).
[deleted]
&gt; ...radicalization played no part in the attack...  So...he was as moderate as it gets? Good to know.
[deleted]
that was the old left
#HARAM
&gt;Teammates? Really OP? Was he playing a fucking football game?  Teammates or Team members is a proper term in their nomenclature for his ODA.  https://www.goarmy.com/special-forces/team-members.html
In Florida anything involving the police, cam footage, recordings, and police reports of public domain. Anybody can pull anything from the LEOs in Florida. That's why you always see crazy ass arrest stories from "Florida man". Complete transparency.
Honestly, I think we should just stop talking about her and make her irrelevant (again).
[deleted]
It's not that we're all saying every single Muslim is bad or a terrorist. In fact, I feel like we have more than specified that we're referring to Radical Islamic Terrorism...but the fact that liberals refuse to acknowledge any correlation whatsoever between the daily terror attacks and the fact that they're always Muslim, is downright dangerous.
Same here, I watched them all &amp; was fine. Now I'm worried that I'm a secret psychopath for being unaffected.
[removed]
Some high quality cringe porn there.
Bernie deserves to be number three on that list.  He challenged her more in the primary more so than anyone thought (myself included in that).
That was the Hillary Victory Fund. If you remember the George Clooney fundraiser fiasco, he admitted to hosting an event that raised over $325K for the HVF and down-ballot candidates, only to find that Hillary kept most of the money, and down ballot candidates got like $2,000 *total*.  Bernie got raked over the coals by the media, and called a liar, when he tried to call attention to Hillary's scam, and in fact that's what started my red pill journey. Obama and Hillary are two of the worst things to happen to the Democratic Party in decades.
Even though both are conspiracies and the Russian collusion investigation has resulted in *zero* evidence, while the Seth Rich "conspiracy" is an obvious inside job...
Absolutely we are!
What is the Paris agreement act about exactly?
Thanks friend!
His "family's wishes" to stop looking into his unsolved murder?
It looks like a bunch of people just trying to get views for $$$. Especially the Russian ones. I don't know, this looks pretty far fetched.
😞
No liberals, covfefe isn't an impeachable offense.
and Alex Jones' "dark heart"
Man what is it with Jeopardy stars being shitty people? First Arthur Chu, now Jennings.
i miss him :(
They are literally against everything he does.
I think some members of the press who attend the daily press conferences will suddenly stop showing up or completely change their tune. This is like knowing you fucked up and hoping every siren you hear is not the police on their way to your doorstep. I fully expect some people to just resign from their positions entirely. It would be better for them to do that than be on the watchlist.   This is a brilliant move from the Trump Administration. Everyone on that list is going to be scrambling to either get off of it or lawyer the fuck up. Shit is about to go down and this is just the calm before the storm.   I hope Cuck Ryan and Songbird are under surveillance as well. I hope they get their asses handed to them so hard they're going to regret working against President Trump and publicly beg for mercy.
It's remarkable how much it applies.
For some reason I laughed hard at your reply :DDD  Maybe KitKat is milking their brand value too hard by trying to crushing the breast of their milk cow to extract an extra ounce of milk??  Is there any Green Tea KitKat at your place? Those are smaller sized but still "two wafer sticks held together by their mutual love for chocolate" at 66 calories.
I don't disagree that there is weird things about Seth Rich's investigation. I work no where near that area but I will say that releasing body cam of a celebrity who got a DWI is different than the body camera related to an unsolved homicide. I'm not suggesting that there is no cover up or funny business but this does not exactly point to anything nefarious in of itself.  This is the correct procedure and would be followed in my jurisdiction as well. There is a delicate balance of releasing information vs holding some back in order to get the public's help with identifying the bad hombre responsible and then getting him prosecuted.
why is this downvoted
So are Owen shroyer and David Knight from Infowars.
we need more nigel
[removed]
Let's stop farm subsidies too
Go fuck yourself. Tehran? Lol, yall got about a decade left until the rest of the Middle East takes everything of value from you.  Can't wait.   Fuck you Mohammed Mohammed.  Out out out
Trump for life here. I own a Tesla but this subsidy thing is BS. I just don't pay 7500 more in taxes. That is my godam money I'm getting back not the publics money. You guys aren't paying for my shit I am. This is my money I'm getting back that would've normally been wasted by our useless government shills.
[deleted]
Ding ding ding* round 2
Call me crazy but the booty-shaking, pot smoking one seems like she'd be a lot of fun.
I agree fully.  Was never a fan before the election cycle.  I have never seen an episode of his show.  I doubt that we'd have that much in common personally...  but I certainly approve of everything he's attempting to do and believe we are all incredibly lucky to have had all this happen
[removed]
He only said that because he wanted Bill Clinton to help out anyway
Next: blaming her prison cell inmates.
O snap son and they are going extinct too. #SAVETHEPANDAS
[deleted]
Keep concern trolling, and I'll keep reporting.
That would be nice. My balls can only get so blue.
#HIGH QUALITY KEKPOASTING    #JUSTICE FOR KEKISTAN
Yeah . . . this isn't funny either, but it's a lot more reflective of actual reality
It makes perfect sense if you want to reduce carbon emissions. Doesn't make perfect sense in a free market. But after paying more attention to the fact that global warming and co2 in atmosphere are not a cause effect pair, i question why we would actually want to hinder economic development with a carbon tax. To achieve what end, exactly?
[removed]
Forgive my potential confusion, but aren't tax credits and subsidies a contradiction of terms?  Similar to how one can't be *forced* to volunteer, one can't subsidize a tax credit?  AFAIK, a tax break or tax credit are not economically or ethically equivalent to receiving a subsidy. (Am I conflating tax break and tax credit, is there some nuance I've overlooked?)  My argument would be that permission to keep your income (via a tax break, tax credit) is not the same as taking it from someone else. Exemptions or tax credits do not forcibly redistribute wealth;  whereas taxes and subsidies benefit some people or producers at the direct expense of others by taking from 'A' and giving it to 'B'. So subsidy is redistribution whereas tax credit is exemption, correct?  People or companies that take advantage of tax breaks will incur fewer costs that those who don't, I understand this, but how is this different from having a great tax guy at the individual level? If my tax guy helps me avoid paying 2k in taxes, I'm not redistributing that 2k from someone else, I'm just keeping more of my income.  If I'm misunderstanding something, please let me know as it seems the majority of this thread is suggesting there isn't a difference between a subsidy and a tax credit. Perhaps they're right, and in that case, I'm just looking for additional understanding of the position or argument. Thanks.
Hey now, if we all just follow their rules and give up everything we believe and want we can all get along fine. People let's be flexible. After all this is what Paris wanted.   (I'm be sarcastic just incase there are any doubts.)
Um yeah but it's the guy who posted about the "Embarrassment of Pandas" after Seth Rich had been murdered.  Andrew Therriault.
George Webb is Mossad and only Tell half truths. Haven't you heard how he states he doesn't want podesta to get jail time.
Yup.
[removed]
[deleted]
One of these days.......
[removed]
No, but I got motha fuggin QUAD BRICKS!!
I have a fishing boat and the first thing I tell people when they come aboard, *"this is a Pro-Trump boat.  If you're gonna say anything negative about the POTUS, I'm gonna throw you off, so you better decide now while we're still at the dock"*
It's awesome that the best memes made about Hillary are just her stupid moments. She has no other memeable qualities, just her incompetence.
He got the super-teat going from all the gambler money.
I still don't get Jennings's tweet. What the fuck does that even mean?
#[QUAD DAMAGE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uG6oBC0Ym5c)  #**FOUR BRICKS! FOOOOOOOOUUUUUUR! LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS CENTIPEDE IS ABOUT TO DOMINATE!!!**  **THAT'S 62587 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**  We are at **10.447285388%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!  At this rate, the wall will be **730.185872876 MILES WIDE** and **325.494288852 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
They're throwing her under the bus, for throwing them under the bus. She's pretty much done.
Yup - I just spent 2 years in stockholm and literally felt relief landing in JFK.  It's incredible how bad it's gotten in such a quick time.  Frog in the boiling water is the perfect descriptor.
No way.  She's merely a megalomaniac trying to save face after a devastating defeat, too blind to realize everything she says and does is only making her look *worse*.
wow how did i miss that one
Crowdstrike, by the way, has partially retracted their report on this subject and then shut the fuck up.
And having classified info on a private server which was vulnerable to hacking.  That is CRIMINAL.
I'm simply pointing out something no Europeans seem to grasp.   Look at India. You know why India is suffering? Britain came in and built infrastructure. High IQ Indians thrived and generated wealth. Low IQ Indians benefited from developments of high IQ Indians.  When high IQ people get money, they tend to have fewer kids. When low IQ people get money, they have a shitload of kids.  You have an immigration crisis because you are running out of other people's money to pay for "free healthcare" and other things that aren't actually free. Immigration was plan b to stay in power.  Immigrants came in, had a shitload of kids. Social program expenditure now through the roof.   Multiculturalism has NEVER been proven to work. The fact you're asking me what I mean by "English" proves my point depressingly clearly.
Damn!
Yea so is having 23 different antitrump subs because you can't defeat the one pro trump sub.
You certainly....  Corrected the Record.  Type it into google translate yourself.
The verified cucks who reply to trump tweet and reply to their own replies don't realize how desperate they look? What losers!
dude wtf that shit is real
Over 33,000 deaths each year by guns. lol
[deleted]
Did you honestly just assume the race, gender, and culture of those "white males"?!
well they are a bunch of cunts over there, so there's that....
People are starting to get scared and are going to start letting the dirt out. The DNC are going to try and cover their tracks (again) and I would not be surprised if they "Seth Rich" a few more of their own in the coming weeks/months..
GM was confirmed too big to fail and bailed out with an illegal bankruptcy.  This is small change, and a needed competitor.
[removed]
They probably devote time to preparing canned answers to spam him, much like their candidate
Well done sir.
It is a wealth transfer scheme and a fraudulent one. I really hope DJT withdraws from this.   https://unfccc.int/resource/docs/2015/cop21/eng/l09r01.pdf   These points stand out:  Acknowledging that climate change is a common concern of humankind, Parties  should, when taking action to address climate change, respect, promote and consider their  respective obligations on human rights, the right to health, the rights of indigenous peoples, local communities, migrants, children, persons with disabilities and people in vulnerable  situations and the right to development, as well as gender equality, empowerment of  women and intergenerational equity,  Recognizing the urgent need to enhance the provision of finance, technology and  capacity-building support by developed country Parties, in a predictable manner, to enable  enhanced pre-2020 action by developing country Parties,  Acknowledging the need to promote universal access to sustainable energy in  developing countries, in particular in Africa, through the enhanced deployment of  renewable energy,
It's a Beta whatever it is
Just fyi....shop workers "mechanics " like for farm equipment,  can't find people to fill those spots! John deere,  new Holland,  Case IH, etc.  Parts sells people are hard to find too!  Any experience there, go on line and fill out an app.  Also delivery  truck drivers are needed all over the states,for everything you can think of, big shortage there.
I was banned as well.  I didn't even know that sub existed.
#A FUCKING #CARTOON #FROG
Clean your room, bucko
KEEP EM AFLOAT BOYS
Where has he been seen?
No thanks China. We know your trick
Of course he wants them to end. He's already cashed out and propped up his initial production with them. When a new competitor enters the market without the credits they will then be at a large disadvantage.
Fuck off shill.
#I wonder why Simon &amp; Schuster publish this sick &amp; twisted individual? They give him a platform to speak w/ our children. Disgusting!
That was my first reaction, this bitch is off her meds.
SF is really a shithole.  The food isn't even good.  Glad you got to see the real country, it's pretty fucking cool in small town America.
No.  That is untrue in my opinion.  He tweeted about Pandas because he works with a group of people who work with Panda code.  It was self deprecating humor and could also have been lamenting that they didn't have their lost panda Seth with them. Unless you want to believe that the entire DNC nerd data guys are "in on it".
-Peaceful  -Stabs  Pick one.
[deleted]
[removed]
Don't forget: Alt-Right and a racist cartoon frog.
Drumpf is finished!
*PUUUUUUUUSH*
What magic wand does he have
[deleted]
If I spend 8 million on a house, it fucking better have walls.
&gt; Lithium mine in Nevada  https://twitter.com/dclarke7575/status/723638851013464064
New group formed last night after the Hannity Show:   Stop the scalpings (STS)  on facebook.   Please, visit this page and see that that people are tired of the lame stream media and they are now fighting back through the sponsors of the crippled minded media.
[removed]
You just gave them the only play that would work for their pathetic situation.  But they still wouldn't be able to pull it off.
What does a magnetic tape core alloy have been o do with anything?  #greentoad
[removed]
subsidizing cotton is how we became a world power house on the product. With electric cars becoming more affordable and refueling becoming more accessible, I think it would be silly to stop completely. Let's not forget we dont like ALL YES MEN.
Go [here](https://www.facebook.com/thecenterforthearts/posts/10158737080420463) to upvote the post yourself.
You were at 0 points, pede!  Here they come!  Have an uptrump!
same here, when I asked why, got nuthin
username checks out
I haven't been able to tell the difference between satire and actual lefty "worries".  It's like The Onion came to life.
Trump's pokemon go usage was superior in all ways; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CberG6JvN0
#HIGH QUALITY KEKPOASTING
The second one you link when the feed goes black is exactly the type of shit I'm talking about, believe what you want video feeds don't get cut for no reason. The first link you provided does show signal degradation from re-entry which can be seen because the full picture doesn't cut out (From rocket view). But in those videos you linked the ground based camera's feed is cut before it lands in two videos. You cannot have worked with video ever in your life and tell me that wasn't a video feed cut. And actually after re-watching the 8 Apr 2016 video it legit looks like they just played a lift-off backwards.
She needs to give credit where credit is due and formally blame the god emperor.
Tesla lobbied the Ontario government hard to the point where for a while (I'm not sure if it still is in effect) Ontario would pay out $14,000 subsidy to anyone who bought a Tesla car as part of one of the government's "green" initiatives.  So, tax payers were giving $14,000 to people who could afford to buy a $100,000 car. But, I really don't blame Tesla for taking advantage of hysterical liberal policies.
Because of all these new jobs!
http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/06/01/private-sector-job-growth-rip-roaring-in-may-adp.html  http://www.npr.org/2017/05/31/530843658/illegal-border-crossings-are-down-and-so-is-business-for-smugglers  https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/co-founder-isis-media-wing-killed-u-s-airstrike-deir-ezzor-province/  Now, please fuck off.
https://www.reddit.com/user/Nas2012?count=25&amp;after=t1_dhsny2x  Nice post history..out.
Well, yes; the current climate of civilization is fast becoming fractured unless we act over the Evil pseudo-political climate change.  So yes China, we do need to act against the Global Swamp, right on dude.
Add white males and covfefe.
People with mental issues, when put under stress, will deteriorate.  Considering she's facing long jail time or a firing squad AND KNOWS IT, expect her to continue to rapidly unravel
But Ricky said that to the dumbest cop on the force: George Green
to call this a punchable face is an insult to punchable faces everywhere.
No, I still don't agree. I understand your reasoning, but you are assuming that they are reasonable people. The reasonable people will switch to the side that proves itself to have the most integrity in the end, I believe. We do it, liberals can point to this example forever as proof that the right doesn't want free speech for all.   Edit: they aren't going to learn anything as a whole. It's better to maintain an example because hearts and minds are won over one individual at a time. Look at how many have disowned her for this, let that speak for itself. Getting angry like you are too justify behaving the same way only gives them another reason for the reasonable liberals to  never flip. Source: i am deeply embedded in a liberal arts college. You may not be intending to set a standard, but you will be
Since the above question was deleted, he asked why we are doing this:  Why are we demanding an investigation into what looks like a murder? Wikileaks, Kimdotcom, Hannity etc are all asking for an investigation into his murder. And the guy was a hardcore berniebro.  No one deserved this treatment regardless of who you voted for.  I'm wondering why the rest of Reddit isn't up in arms about this.
They eat their own.
The fucking shills are out in full force!!!
All you have to do is read his tweets to find out he's lost his damn mind.
So the middle class, who I'm assuming are doing at a minimum alright financially need to charge three billion dollars to the government, why? If this car is already a smiliar price to a new car, why do we need a tax break?
His name is MetallicMancurian in case you wanted to know
Lol, yes. At first, I was thinking "Fast &amp; Furious" type drag race. I was wrong.
He's doubled down on Kathy Griffen's bad move.  Its all happening on twitter
If you must know my father worked at the American embassy in Iran before the revolution. He was American. I was born there, but I have blond hair and blue eyes.  So go fuck yourself.
correct, and very obvious
/all visiters   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yt6DkUPHIgY
It's a classic example of plausible undeniablilty
Is this 1938?
I am banned from the chromosomes too.
She's playing 0.03 D chess.
'Public servant' has lost all meaning
The left always projects their sadness at their free stuff getting away.   Have you thought about a future after Shariablue stops cutting you a check? Your parents aren't gonna live forever, you know.
True enough, but his son had nothing to do with this.
Was Vince Foster.  The Clintons had him killed.
Its the trifecta of cheif stooges, in that their pic. Ei ei ei o
The American was Seth rich is there plan..
Ah... you suggesting that efforts to colonise other planets like Mars is a bad thing?
Wooooooooooooooooo don't stop baby
I live in Baltimore.  There's lots of murders but if you're not a black male, it's usually not an issue.  Virtually all of it is black men killing other black men.  Generally, the whites stay in the white areas and the blacks stay in the black areas.  In the rare event that a white person is killed, it's usually because they foolishly strayed into the black areas at night, either because they were looking to buy drugs or because they were naive liberal kids.  If you considered white Americans as their own country, our crime rate would be as low as any other white country.  Of course, we're not a white country, we're a multicultural one, as Germany and the rest of Europe are fast becoming.  But thankfully our minorities have been here for centuries and are at least partially integrated into our social structure.  They aren't fresh off the boat and unified by a cult ideology that preaches our displacement and annihilation.    For those reasons, I don't expect Europe to reach some sort of equilibrium with their immigrant population.  Study your history, they don't equilibrate, they annihilate.
Take the 'L' like Bill makes bimbos take the 'D'?
Do you even have 2 brain cells to rub together? Whether i have a right to go there or not has nothing to do with it either.. Dude crawl back into your hole and go back to eating your tendies smothered in ketchup.
All he got out of it was a felony for his wife's son.
Now that you are out of the closet, here's coat. Ahhhhhh, feels good man.
10% Muslim. You need to carry a hatchet. Just wait till its 20% Muslim.
This. Let's all stop buying German and Chinese goods
Not really. He created an electric car that normal people, not just environloons, want to drive. No transmission, max torque on tap. Yeah, I'll take that.  His idea of getting rid of the waste that are car dealerships and being able to update/upgrade your car via the internet are incredible.  The "old" auto industry giants have gotten stuck in a comfortable bureaucratic wasteland, with little progress in actual innovation.
[removed]
Also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elon_Musk#Subsidies
[removed]
Although I agree it's retarded we pay any part but the agreement is almost over. Its only up to like 150,000 cars then it is done. If I remember right they hit the limit and it's almost over.
http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/06/01/private-sector-job-growth-rip-roaring-in-may-adp.html  http://www.npr.org/2017/05/31/530843658/illegal-border-crossings-are-down-and-so-is-business-for-smugglers  https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/co-founder-isis-media-wing-killed-u-s-airstrike-deir-ezzor-province/  Now, please fuck off.
Any intelligent Hillary backer would realize by now that giving her any more money is a sunk cost, just throwing away money at this point.  Chelsea is probably a terrible option as well.  There are plenty of people in politics that are just as willing to take money and do what they are told as the Clintons, but who haven't had their name tainted.  If these donors are intelligent - or at least not amazingly stupid - they've moved on by now.  But you never know...
TERRORISTS YOUR GAME IS THROUGH - CAUSE NOW YOU HAVE TO ANSWER TO...   &gt; AMERICA!!!! - FUCK YEAH--- COMING AGAIN! - TO SAVE THE MOTHAHFUCKIN' DAYEAHHHH
The lyrics plus imagery say it all
The line starts behind all the people in the red hats.
Link me to where they said that and not brad bauman
Is that the body of the guy that injects his dick?
I think that "bishop" needs to cut back on his food budget...
Russia thing was totally made up?  Oh no!  Well, we already hired a special investigator, maybe there's a certain side of beef's crimes that need investigated now that he has some free time.
In contracts that SpaceX won against other competetitors go and check how much Orbital got for their flights vs Dragon or how much Boeing gets for crew vs Spacex or how money is saved by spending 82 mil$ to launch a gps sattelite vs 140 it would cost with ULA
Absolutely right. Hillary has become a liability, they're done with her. She's a two time loser in her 70s. Her oncoming public meltdown is going to be great.
You're right, maybe they did not know anything. Maybe they did. There are many more questions surrounding the Seth Rich case and the leaks/hacks than there are answers. His case is not being handled in a normal fashion though. That is indisputable at this point.
this is weird i must have clicked the wrong button... i swore I commented that to someone who said they were turning the videos on repeat and going to sleep..... now I can't find that comment at all.
What is the Democrat party?
Thanks dude. Water runs the way it wants. Let it be free.
http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/06/01/private-sector-job-growth-rip-roaring-in-may-adp.html  http://www.npr.org/2017/05/31/530843658/illegal-border-crossings-are-down-and-so-is-business-for-smugglers  https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/co-founder-isis-media-wing-killed-u-s-airstrike-deir-ezzor-province/  Now, please fuck off.
This is the end for Donald Trump. Trump has no path to victory! Trump is clearly finished! (lefties been gurgling this for a year....LOL)
Say what you will about Musk and Paris but he isn't the garbage people you just listed.
Or corrupt more likely
http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/06/01/private-sector-job-growth-rip-roaring-in-may-adp.html  http://www.npr.org/2017/05/31/530843658/illegal-border-crossings-are-down-and-so-is-business-for-smugglers  https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/co-founder-isis-media-wing-killed-u-s-airstrike-deir-ezzor-province/  Now, please fuck off.
How about your rapist husband, Hillary? People are sick and tired of the Clintons, you should have divorced and ran for president with the Rodham name.
Make me negative Sharia and prove me right in holy negged martyrdom. Come at me you phucking white guilt phaggots. I will rein in Valhalla with TENDIES and Choccy Milk like the Gods of the Greeks nectar and ambrosia. HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH YOU GOONISH FUCKS. HIS NAME WAS ROBERT PAULSON. HIS NAME WAS YOU OR ME.  BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST, FILED FOR SETTLEMENT AT THE TUNE OF 800K  WHEN BILL CLINTON WAS GOVERNOR OF ARKANSAS, HE LET AN INNOCENT MAN DIE FROM THE DEATH PENALTY HE ACTUALLY COULD HAVE PUT ON A HOLD.  John Podesta and brother Tony Podesta have relations with NAMBLA affiliates.
http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/06/01/private-sector-job-growth-rip-roaring-in-may-adp.html  http://www.npr.org/2017/05/31/530843658/illegal-border-crossings-are-down-and-so-is-business-for-smugglers  https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/co-founder-isis-media-wing-killed-u-s-airstrike-deir-ezzor-province/  Now, please fuck off.
Lol.  Hitler was a ruthlessly efficient dictator. To be that you have to realize religion is a tool. A tool to keep the masses compliant. So he made his own religion and endorsed others whenever it was convenient. He made alliances with muslims, atheists, even communists as he saw fit. And equally quickly broke them when he could.
https://www.reddit.com/r/both_sides/comments/6emjnx/rpolitics_vs_rthe_donald_politics_the_government/dibce9p/  HOLY FUCK DIDN'T OBAMA ACTUALLY SPY ON JOURNALISTS?!?!
Now *that* is art.  What she did was simply propaganda.
"Wanna bring it by Trump Tower so I can shove it up your ass?"
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
You'd end up like Vince Foster
[removed]
Woah... Don't know if I've ever seen this much down voting. Are you cucks mad that your bosses will be arrested and you'll lose your shitty jobs when the truth behind the Seth Rich case is uncovered? You guys are pretty pathetic.
[removed]
I'll forgive anybody who makes one typo in a cement.
Once crooked always crooked.    btw Bill Clinton is a rapist  infowars.com
DNC is a criminal cartel period. All of its operations just reeks of criminality. Deaths, pedophilia, child sex trafficking, money laundering, racism, slavery, and cheating to name a few. Too bad there are so many sheeps that blindly follow this organization to its death.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Because its in human nature to be confused about God's will and also to misrepresent it use it to subjugate people? And youre quoting "church fathers" in as "early" as 170 AD (btw after the deaths of all disciples, Paul, and John, from whom ALL doctrine is derived). And youre following Peter, who is constantly constantly constantly being rebuked by Jesus and misinterpretating practically everything? Not to mention Jesus is using a literary device, or a pun, saying "you are a pebble(little rock) and on This Rock (Jesus) I will build my church". The church is the body and bride of Christ as a people, not an institution. Catholicism is the easiest redpill, just read Revelation for Christ's sake!
[removed]
Beep boop (in Russian). Upvote activated, covfefe.
Everything she and thr dnc have said about trump, amd Republicans jn general over the last decade has been pure projectionism
we need both groups...doesn't always have to be one or the other.
[removed]
these bots lmao
Exactly.  O'Keefe was really helpful a FEW times during last election, however he is watering down the brand with abuse of hype.  It's essentially the same tactic as the DNC with "TAXES", "MUH RUSSIA", "THIS IS THE END OF TRUMP".  Seriously, please don't cry wolf!  You are losing credibility.
It's still a market that people will pay for. Honestly we should be going after hydrogen powered vehicles. The hold up is still costs roughly 5.50 a gallon to produce hydrogen fuel.
[removed]
[deleted]
"Well you can just covfefe off then."  Savage.
[removed]
[removed]
&gt; Someone needs to make a ~~chipset/cpu and~~ OS where the primary concern is security, not speed or network access.  #Welcome to the world of Linux!  **Security Focus:**   - [Looking for a **secure** OS for everyday use? **Tails!**](https://tails.boum.org/)   - [Want to securely browse Tor? **Whonix!**](https://www.whonix.org/)    **Not Windows:**    - [Need a Newbie-Safe Linux OS? **Ubuntu!**](https://www.ubuntu.com/)    - [Feel like Linux is a bit too hard to get a hold of? **ChromeOS!***](https://www.chromium.org/chromium-os)    - [Gamer? We got you covered bruh. **SteamOS!****](http://store.steampowered.com/steamos/)    - [Want to show everyone how much Super Male Vitality you take? **Arch Linux!*****](https://www.archlinux.org/)    - [Like the look of Arch, but just want it working out of the box? **Antergos!**](https://antergos.com/)    - [Obligatory inclusion of Debian, just get Ubuntu...](https://www.debian.org/)   &amp;nbsp;  \*  ^(**ChromeOS** - *Created by google, this is the OS found on ChromeBooks*)   \** ^(**SteamOS** - *Check to make sure your games have Linux support first!*)   \*** ^(**Arch Linux** - *If Weaponized Autism had a Linux operating system, this would be it.*)  **Relevant Subreddits:**   - /UnixPorn   - /linux   - /linux4noobs   - /linux_gaming
[removed]
Thank you. Please help break up the misconceptions of marijuana here. That is a true way to help a veteran. Remember, 20 veterans a day are committing suicide because they can not get the help they need. 20 men who survived a war, are doing the deed themselves *every day*. We must help them.
WTF, how does this have 0? What kind of shit is this?
Step away from that ledge, libtards. Or not.
[deleted]
That's Hillary???
#CLINTON IS A RAPIST. INFOWARS.COM
Who is his publisher?
[removed]
Handcuffs are now off for Hannity. He has our full support and knows it.
#YOUR DOWN VOTES DON'T MATTER YOU UN-AMERICAN SHITBAGS!  #THE POST GOT TO THE FRONT OF /ALL... EVERYONE KNOWS SETH RICH WAS MURDERED TO COVER UP HILLARY CLINTON'S MISDEEDS.  YOUR DOWNVOTES WON'T MAKE PEOPLE FORGET!   #NOT  #TIRED  #OF  #WINNING!
#ECHO   ECHO   echo
It's not CNN, it's *#*FakeNews MSNBC!
The burn felt 'round the world.  # Wew
Wasn't a misspelling.   From the chans.  COVFEFE  Clinton  Ordered  Vince  Foster  Executed  Faked  Evidence
If I were him I would only do that interview if she came on his show before or after it
This. 100% this.
So funny
Reset to zero again, pretty quick hey. Fuck you /u/spez
[deleted]
Hilariously opposite
[removed]
Tseven. But what does it mean?!
Actually you can still build a network stack in HolyC since that's about the only thing you'll find you want to do anyway. But hats off to the creator, as he REALLY doesn't like the CIA.
Satan aka George soros
&gt;  I've seen tons of politicians, there is not one person in politics besides Hillary that I could point at and say they are most certainly a sociopath.  Agreed with everything up until this point.  I am seeing plenty of them out there, whether it's Songbird McCain, John Podesta, Wasserman-Schultzenstein or a host of others.  The are completely lacking in basic humanity which explains how they got to where they are, and why they do the things they continue to do...totally unphased by things like morality and ethics.
So says the whiny little bitch Canadian.
So close to a haiku:  Looks like unflushed turd. Someone needs to flush her please, She already stinks.
Alright, I can see that I will have to teach you how to be President!
[deleted]
TOP KEK
Propably, but don't underestimate the situation. If ony half of our conspiracy theories are correct it is not unlikely that Comey will just make shit up. I hope  Dr. President Trump really has tapes.
the fascist "anti"Fa modus operandi , to violently attack anyone who disagrees with their oppressive ideology.
they fucked up...they done went FULL RETARD
[removed]
Not just the left and the right but the media too.  Without them none of this globalist bs could have been achieved.
I agree.  Norml can even post anti Trump crap.  I also love the drug policy alliance.  I'm just posting links to raise awareness for the issue.
boom headshot
Facebook is blocking the viewing of comments on their page  https://www.facebook.com/elfarmersmarket
**THE SALT, MAN.**
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6emmfy/may_have_broken_covfefe_code
I'm rusty on my Dante.  Which circle of hell is she destined for?
Musk is smart  He ripped off billions of subsidies from the murica crowd for his shitty gigafactory which employs like 100 people  Lmao  He will leave the us as soon as this meme dies
Isn't she going to interview Alex Jones too?? I smell something fishy, and no it's not just between her legs
Isn't this their 6th or 7th multi-million dollar house?  Not bad for a community organizer/career politician.
"Breaking news: Vladimir Putin was in contact with Russia"
[deleted]
Her Nomination:  On June 5, 2013, U.S. president Barack Obama announced her nomination as the new United States Ambassador to the United Nations.  Power with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office on 5 June 2013 Power's nomination was backed by Republican senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham,and former independent senator Joseph Lieberman.
Or a blue dress...
It was probably something along the lines of well he is the President and is under a lot of stress being married to my mother so yea I'm cool with it.
I'm trying to find a map of the signatories. I wanna meme them all in our pocket. Got a map handy?
UPVOTES AT ZERO  FUCK /U/SPEZ
the investigation by fake news cnn?
Why the fuck is this post at 0 points? Isn't that his name?
Fagmins reset the post to 0 again
It seems like they're mostly focused now on the Seth Rich posts.  I wonder why.....
He's magical.
Also talks about laundering money through the DNC. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBNbCZqXsAA9NKr.jpg
Net migration last year was around 250,000, which at the moment is unsustainable.   I don't have any problems with immigration at all O think on a case-by-case basis it does have more pros than cons, but I do agree that the scale is far more than I have seen before - the problem is in this climate, mentioning immigration at all is seen as racism (europeans aren't even a race and if they are then British people are included in it) and the left wing won't even discuss migration as they love a bit of virtue signalling.   We can come back from this, but only with radical change. Personally I would suggest cutting net migration down to 0 as a temporary measure, refugees and asylum seekers are a separate case, I'm referring to economic migrants, as well as sweeping reforms to the NHS and Welfare system to cope with population rise. Then once it's settled down a bit we can increase net migration but only as is necessary and dependant on what the current needs of the UK are
I thought it was in her twenties when she got kicked off the Nixon investigations.
The correct answer is - IT DOESN'T MATTER.  That Access Hollywood tape has absolutely nothing to do with Podesta's emails.
He is probably afraid of being whacked.
She's imploding, blaming the DNC, losing friends and allies.  I bet a significant portion of her rigging went through based on favors she promised to give people after her election.  Losing once means she's already defaulted on those promises.  And since she's already lost to Trump once, many of her co-conspirators will correctly reason that she can't win if she tries again, and thus have no incentive to help her.  I'm sure she still has some influence, blackmail, etc... but not as much as before.
What Would Covfefe Do?
[removed]
What the hell happened to this thread? 50% upvoted and reset to 0. Tons of downvotes on each comment. A Nuclear Shariablue Bomb got dropped.   #I'VE GOT NEWS FOR YOU SHILLS  #BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST INFOWARS DOT COM
Watergate was nothing compared to what Hussein did.
The real crime is their non-mobile website.
WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE!
Spamming it doesn't help anything dude.
DNC bots can't hide the truth.
Desperatly trying to find what language it is, so they can claim an illegal, election-changing, relationship.
the fascist "anti"Fa modus operandi , to violently attack anyone who disagrees with their oppressive ideology.
Yup. Once a shill, always a shill.
Hillary blames MSM for too much coverage of her coughing...cost her the election...!
Annnnd.... it's back to zero. Wrap it up boys them controlling the up/down votes is going to make it all just go away.
So mote it be. Give this patriot a coat.
Just watched a documentary about overfishing, a legitimate environmental concern.    One of the BIGGEST problems are unreported catches.  THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT WILL HAPPEN WITH CLIMATE ACCORD.  We will be expected to conform, meanwhile other countries will cheat.  Like China, Russia, India, etc.  Fuck that.
Not one person in the MSM will ask that simple question...
Oh I love it
[removed]
It's not that bad when compared to what they spent on Shillary's big chance to lose hahahahhaha
good catch
Why does Hillary hate the Shareblue guys?  Man she is just evil huh?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
No brakes on this train!
I don't disagree, but why would Bankers care about that?   They don't care about where shit is manufactured, only that it can be done cheaply and they can make money off of it. I'm not taking a side on this only adding to the point /u/trolling_or_stupid made.
#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#130749385117000)  #CURRENT SPEED: 130,749,385,117,000 MPH!  At that rate, it would take approximately 12.823 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!   ^^^^A ^^^^bot ^^^^by ^^^^/u/BotsByLiam. ^^^^Please [^^^^use ^^^^this ^^^^form](http://botsbyliam.com) ^^^^or ^^^^visit ^^^^/r/BotsByLiam ^^^^to ^^^^report ^^^^errors ^^^^or ^^^^make ^^^^suggestions!
They set the down vote bot brigade on the thread comments also.
sidereal or solar day?
Who the FUCK is ken Jennings besides some pedo who picks on children.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 194,788 COATS HANDED OUT!**    We are 22.52% of our goal to coat the 864,816 great people of San Francisco, California. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)
[deleted]
Double down on the lie. muh Russia becomes more and more unbelievable every day
Everyone except for the people driving electric cars.
Wadda you love?
WE ARE BEING BRIGADED SHIT POST HARDER!!
And they think this upsets us. Keep em coming.
&gt;Third Eye Blind  I can't name one of their fucking songs
Meanwhile, our government is busy chasing down the Russia bullshit. The perfect way to tie up the justice system so that they cannot investigate the unmasking
These days there isn't room for an intellectual on the left.    You must be a kool-ade drinking fanatic or nothing else.  I am ecstatic that they have disenfranchised so many traditional liberals, more for us.
&gt;0 points on the front page      Yup, this makes sense.
It would, but "the dwarves are for the dwarves".
They've been backed into a corner. They know they're losing, so they put the post at 0. Doesn't matter 'cause,   #HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH
I don't give a personal damn about this, but find it funny the libtards on Twitter spouting this as a major campaign promise broken.  You can't inflame Palestinian tension before seeking their cooperation.  The promise is enough of a reassurance that he will put Israel first in the negotiations.
No way, never!  I wonder why they waited till just now though.
I wake up and pray every morning that today is the day.
[deleted]
[removed]
The sign should of read:  &gt;My dog has a vagina, she is a bitch as well  :-)
Can someone ELI5 this Paris Climate Deal? I'm sure it sucks ass but why exactly? Thanks!
[deleted]
I love how it's reset to 0. Because that isn't obvious as fuck of tampering. Kek...
u/spez is paid by David Brock to keep Reddit as the alt-left echo chamber.   u/spez is also a cuck.  Both of these facts are brought to you by the number 2, which is exactly how many genders exist.
#UNDER BUDGET, *AHEAD OF SCHEDULE*
Hero's
“Everything HRC touches she kind of screws up with hubris” - Colin Powell =====
aw shucks, you guys warm my cold heart
The one on the left yes. The one on the right is a rapist.
You are arguing for using other people's taxes to pay for your car. What else do you want handed to you by the tax payers?
So? She's still slime. We don't need her help in anything.
https://youtu.be/DuhXkCF-L2E
Too true.  We have the best ladypedes ;)
What hurts worse than a burn?  A burn on a burn (on a burn including his previous tweet).
Have an upvote 👌🏼
[removed]
DNC bots can't hide the truth.
There's still some of us. Just because I don't support Trump, doesn't mean I agree with censorship or threats towards Trump or his supporters.
Wow zero upvotes on a sub with +/-6,000,000 subscribers? Unbelievable! Why do the admins dislike this guy so much? What has he done wrong? Oh, he was assassinated you say? By the DNC you say?!
And when all is said and done, in a just world at least, having ShareBlue and Correct The Record on your resume will get you shunned.
&gt; Those cars use tons of rare-earth elements and aren't necessarily better for the environment  Tesla's cars [don't use rare earths for their motors or batteries](https://forums.tesla.com/en_CA/forum/forums/no-rare-earth-metals-model-s).  They only use neodyium for the speakers, but that's basically the same as every other car in existence.
Radio antenna communication to transmit the signal.  It allows for transmission over far greater distances, but the lack of bandwidth allows for only so good of a picture, plus all the other mission critical communications were also within that radio signal, further decreasing video quality that is possible.
tfw the post is at zero so you upvote it and it stays at zero
Nyet
Yeah dude this couldn't be further from the truth
[deleted]
Holy hell this is a shitshow.
[removed]
Better stay away from the gym for a while bro
[removed]
I saw that as well. What fucking idiot tools. Also, as u/2_Many_Cooks points out that brigading is not allowed by the Reddit admins, so I am sure they are looking into it currently and will meet out the harshest of punishments...   Right?   It is times like this I think fuck being polite and playing by their rules. Inundate every single sub with Seth's pictures. I saw even Jupiter broadcasting did a show on Seth Rich, a linux computer show covering Seth Rich because of all the censorship around it. So we are winning.
[removed]
[deleted]
Reset to zero, welcome to the club!  You'd think that the admins would be more subtle.
[GIFV link](https://i.imgur.com/HHdSKrj.gifv)  ---  _^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/livven/wiki/gifv-bot) ^// ^[code](https://github.com/Livven/GifvBot)_
Couldn't agree more. This domreddit is better than that... I'm a loyal pede but that reminds me of some shit [r/redacted] pulls.
#2 SCOOPS 2 TERMS 2 GENDERS
Keep down voting us, please. It just shows that you don't want JUSTICE TO BE PURSUED FOR SETH.   HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH
Paris seems like an awesome place to live
I dont want that kind of Covfefe.
[deleted]
#THIS IS A LITTLE OUT THERE BUT BERNIE CAN STILL WIN IF HE CAN FLIP JUST ONE SUPER DUPER DELEGATE
[deleted]
I checked this post early this morning with 2000+ upvotes and now it's at 0?  Something fishy going on here.
THESE FAGGOTS ARE BACK AT IT BOYS
Is that why the rest of the world is melting? Because they're "walking all over Trump"? Or are they scared shitless they will turn into literal cucks?
"When they go low, we go high."
Why is this post at 0 points???
It's in her DNA she can't take responsibility for her own actions.
Calling climate change "settled science" and people that challenge it "science deniers" are like calling conservatives racist to want voter ID laws enacted.
So you're telling me crooked Hillary is lying? Color me surprised lmao
This is why he is constantly winning, none of these angry people would ever vote for him anyway and his supporters like what he's doing.
#DNC 🤖 can't hide the truth.
To be a effective "greenhouse gas", the "gas" in question needs to be near the "roof" (upper atmosphere).  CO2 is heavier than air and sinks.  Spez: See this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Nyos#1986_disaster
This breaks my heart. Cold anger is all that is left.
#SETH
She used to look pretty hot until she got the "Can I see your Manager?" Hair cut.
You did that on purpose, right?
Zero? Huh.
Exactly like RATS jumping off a sinking ship.
upvoted!
Fun read.
[removed]
I guess gingers band together and support each other.
Truer words have seldom been spoken
Score is 0 at 5 hours. That's odd (it's not).
**MAXINE IS TRIGGERED**
Thank god they have a wall
McMaster and Pitraeus are on the list of attendees Wikileaks released yesterday.
[deleted]
Obviously a Russian hacker!
#KEN JENNINGS DESTROYED BY BASED IBM WATSON, REPUTATION DESTROYED
Fire in a car yard in Rome.
Very true. Why do Democrats hate democracy so much?
It's worse than that.  What they're protesting has already been signed into law....so it's completely pointless.
The establishment is bigger than Hillary. She's just a cog in the machine. If she's costing them loss of power, they'll dump her. It's not like she won't be burned if she come forward and expose the workings of the establishment.
[deleted]
[deleted]
REEEEEEEE
To be fair, most of her supporters and lower staff don't believe they're working for a criminal enterprise. Many believe her words and intentions as pure, waving off criticisms and evidence of treachery as insane conspiracy theories. I'm sure the vast majority of her underlings think they're working for a greater good. It sounds like this man just saw her true colors.
#The last 40 years in public scandals
#~~JOHN CENA~~   #SETH RICH!
Instagram and Twitter have never made sense to me. Trump makes me want to join Twitter though... All those liberal tears... So tempting.
There's a large botnet of downvote/upvote bots. They hit /new in smaller, less noticable numbers (click refresh a few times in /new and watch every post lose points), and hit big topics that hit /all in very obvious numbers.  The same bots ratchet up the anti-Trump subs with literally dozens of users but tens of thousands of upvotes.
WTF is the original even from?
Let me remind everyone why Pope Francis is a disgrace of a pope:  &gt; "the Quran is a book of peace, it is a prophetic book of peace"
[deleted]
Link dead?
I'm close to Portland, thinking about going too.  Based off of the rallies I have watched before it looks like you can get into or avoid as much of the trouble as you want. If you want to clash go to the front. If you want to observe stay in back. I will note that this is Portland though, so it tends to get rowdier than most places.   You could also pretend to just be people walking through and scope it out.
Too sick to jail... significant medical problems = unfit to serve as president. She loses either way.
And shouting racial slurs!
[removed]
No, that part wasn't cringe. The cringe came when one asked,  "You know people will say you're pandering [to black people], right?"  And she replied,  "Is it working?"
That is an Ambien hug.
THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH ISLAM!  It just happens to take place during Ramadan!  STOP BEING RACIST!!!  Now that I see it written out, their arguments are retarded.
[deleted]
&gt;Doug Schoen: Oh yeah! **Even if it’s only in her own mind**, she is running.  Context seems to say otherwise, OP.
US has a responsibility to act on climate change? Okay, sure. Let's impose sanctions on one of the largest polluters in the world--China.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 194,810 COATS HANDED OUT!**    We are 96.91% of our goal to coat the 201,020 great people of Glendale, California. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)
I can get behind this. Consider it deprogramming
[deleted]
I keep telling you, you should have purchased the new Trump Wall Liner (TM) for for your tables and desks.  Spilling covfefe and other drinks becomes a non-issue with this marvelous new invention.     Simply adhere it to the edge of your table or desk, and anytime you start to spill something, it grows 10 feet higher!
So what's your experience?
Dear President, WITHDRAWAL from the Paris Accord.
I mean it could easily be argued this is all because of Obama /s
Ya Drumpf is going to prison REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
Haha reset to 0 :) who employed 5 year olds as reddit admins?
Guns are loud and smelly... just like liberals!  I would run from the sound of gunfire too. Retreat, find cover, aquire target, return fire.
[deleted]
So what's in it?
[removed]
[deleted]
You speak the truth.  I'm a based practicing Mormon who is constantly shocked and mystified by the McMullin wing.  I have pinpointed the sanctimonious SJWs in my ward and I trigger them whenever possible by dropping as many strong red pills as I can.
It happened today, I copied the wrong FUCKING LINK and can't fix it on mobile cause it's going to FUCKING SLOW
They know exactly what's happening. If they don't then they're absolutely worthless and serve no fucking purpose here. Considering we saw a post **they** made get upvoted by a bunch of bots, I know damn certain they're lying sacks of fucking shit. Them playing this game means they're about to get fucked.
Her contract with Fox was through the end of July I believe. I could be mistaken on the exact month, but she cannot do other appearances until that expires. It's safe to assume there's a stfu clause in that as well so once she starts her new gig at NBC it'll be like fox never existed to her.     Edit; she's got an interview with Putin that will air on Sunday on NBC. So she's back on now in June and not July
[removed]
What's she hiding with the scarf?
Maybe it's like George Webb said: she's already been cut loose and she doesn't even know it.
Straight to the point. I can appreciate that.
They are successfully innovating by making it possible to reuse rockets in order to cut down on costs.  In other words, you're pretty much categorically incorrect and you simply have little understanding about rocket science.
Because the report button that goes to mods is useless when it comes to brigades. We can't do anything about that, only removing and banning.
#CHEMICALS IN THE WATER ARE MAKING THE FROGS GAY  #BUT NOT OUR PEPE
The thing that gets my goat is that the whole thing is 23 pages of text, mostly bullet points.  There's really no information to give.  It's all right there is 8th grade English.  If someone can't be bothered to take 30 minutes to read the document, I don't know what else to do.  I can try to motivate people to read.  I'm sitting here being lectured by people who are so much more informed and enlightened than me, yet nobody read the thing.  I talk to many of the same people regularly, and I always ask the same question: what specific parts of so-and-so legislation/agreement/policy are important to you?  Isn't it embarrassing when you have to say you haven't read it, or you try to talk around it, like "I scanned it" or "I support the whole thing"?  You know the question is coming.  You could have read just one line and cited it.  spez: I just went back to refresh myself. It really is that simple.  It's 23 pages of bullet points, with like 1.5" margins all around. We're talking like 10 normal pages of text.  There's no excuse.  It's just lazy.  I can't force you to be self-reliant.
[deleted]
**DEUS VULT, MOTHERFUCKERS!**
#$100 Billion / Year!!!!! Financed! With interest!! To who? To shell corps set up by the big multinationals to get free money, they won't ever pay back!
REAL AMERICAN FUCKING CARE.... PEOPLE WITH ACTUAL MORAL COMPASSES CARE.... ALL OF YOU FUCKING FAKE ASS BERNIE BROS WOULD HAVE CARED A YEAR AGO..... JUSTICE FOR SETH RICH
#Rich. Follow George Webb to find his killer
[deleted]
That form though =|
How to further polarize and divide a nation, by Hillary Clinton
He would only delete after being threatened.
[deleted]
Link?
Alex should wear a clock on his chest like flavor Flav, that way edits will be super obvious.
When this is all over, they'll offer to add Trump's face to Mt. Rushmore, and he will graciously decline and suggest they add Seth Rich's face instead.
[deleted]
When has Alex Jones ever NOT taped words coming out of his mouth?  Title should read: ***Alex Jones to be interviewed by Cuntzilla, he must remember to utilize oxygen for breathing.***
Wow what game are they playing by setting to 0.
Until she realized that it had always been Bill Hicks.  #INFOWARS DOT COM  spez: Too bad for her that Alex thinks she's a Globalist.
What the fuck is happening!?
[deleted]
# Arkancide Watch
Cheif DNC Talking Points Parrot
"Nice inbreeding Ahmed. Wanna stop fucking your first cousins for at least a few generations. Or do it more often, which ever works."
421,320 and rising!
I dont know much about Kim but IIRC the US govt took a bunch of his money and stuff. Other than that, I have no idea why hes supported.
I don't wonder at all about whether or not Griffin is deeply disturbed. Griffin is a D list comedienne who is as unbalanced as Andy Kaufman.
[removed]
Your comment has been automatically removed because you linked outside of the Trumpire (see the related subreddits in the sidebar).  Please do not link to non-Trumpire subreddits. If you want to showcase a post somewhere else on reddit, ***please take a screen cap and black out usernames***.  This rule exists to prevent accusations of [brigading](http://archive.is/i4Col) which can get this DOMreddit banned by the admins of reddit.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Some of them, I suppose, are edgy.
It allows them to market the car at a lower price, so yea it benefits Tesla.
"Sources"
You know how hard it is to laugh hysterically quietly?  This is one of my new favorite photos now.
Double spicy points x1Up &amp;uarr;
That's all it takes,!
Libs told me China is "getting more progressive" is green technologies than the US And that "they will completely eliminate or greatly reduce their emissions  by 2030"  I have to call bullshit, because with HUGE emission cuts and reforms the US and the EU have barely reduced their carbon output, yet China, who produces 2-3 times more emissions than the US would completely eliminate their emissions in 13 years? Their sources? "That's what China is reporting" Yeah i call bullshit.
Or someone even higher up!
David Brock's minions will drown this out.
TBH a lil creepy but take the upvote pede  CHEIF COVFEFE
Yup heard it from George Webb. He is always on top of things. Best guy I've seen for information regarding the corrupt system and their "ratlines".
lol... Priceless #MAGA
Even better: arson, find patsy, make him out to be a Trump supporter.
You're a male. Aren't you supposed to crush her beneath the heel of your mighty patriarchy?!  You're bannned from r\/twoxchromosomes reeeeeee!!!!!
Yeah I know the feeling.  I live close enough to make it to a bunch of these rallies.  But I'm pregnant and so I just stay home.  Well technically I went to one, I just went and stood near the event once it was clear there wasn't any trouble I got my red hat out of my purse and joined the crowd.  I hear Portland is supposed to be a more calm one but who knows.
looks like it. I'll delete.
I wonder what her new shtick will be in her new position?  Just more Trump-bashing?  Does she want Daddy to punish her some more?  *"I've been pretty nice to you, but I could be not-so-nice based on how you've treated me, but that's OK"*
[removed]
1,000,000,000,000 UP VOTES!
I love Alex Jones' humble brags.
Fuck /u/spez
She's having hot flashes
He is good, fills in for Rush sometimes.  I thought I heard he joined Fox News in some capacity.
No, Ivanka is a Globalist Girl; she wants to help rapefugees.  [Proof](https://www.infowars.com/ivanka-pushes-open-borders-globalism/)
Or it could be what she spit into her glass at that speech and then drank from it!
He's probably on the floor.
Reset to zero bois.  http://imgur.com/a/wahnX
fire in a car lot or something?
Cute fantasy, cuck.
I thought it was that the other rep *said* he was going to get him on his way to the car and that he, "has to leave some time," to which Ronaldo responded, "if you do that, I will shoot you in self defense."  Also, one missed detail is that this was already passed and signed into law.. there's nothing that protesting can do to change it at this point.
They won't be able to handle it.
Don't forget the 400k speeches
I watched a clip on based stickman vs antifa last night. Seeing people stand up to these goons makes me proud to be an American.
# MAGA^MAGA^2SCOOPS
New Yorkers, and they didn't give a single fuck about how shockingly racist this was. I used to live in that cesspool and the liberals there are some of the most rabid, ignorant, smug assholes on the planet.
Anxiety through the roof...idk how George stays so calm. It's like he's saying goodbye.
Some random guy posted this _exact_ phrasing on a friend's Facebook post last night, 3 hours before this _exact_ showed up here.  Where did this come from?
White smoke? Black smoke? What difference does it make? I wish we can get to a point in hour history where we don't judge smoke by it's color.
LET ME GET YOU A COAT WHILE YOU WORK
I used to be a TA for a Polish dude who was a Knight of Saint Gregory. When he was 11 he was forced to clean out tanks for the Nazis. One day he got sick of their shit I guess, hijacked one of the tanks, and drove it into a river. He and his family promptly had to flee Poland...
Which they will conveniently patent the vaccine for and make billions.
"Problem users"  Tell me how /r/The_Donald is the only subreddit for fascists when all we do is meme around while getting segregated from the rest of the website?
2500 comments with 0 upvotes. Cuck mods
[deleted]
The best part is that it wasn't a typo.
Shhh, its hard for them to think in advance before they do things.
I think hillary includes him with the "Russian Hacker" crowd.   Same as all of us here on the T_D
TOP FEF
[This woman is crazy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8sHzxILZMk). After we broke a ceasefire by accidentally bombing the shit out of Assad's men she sounded like we should go to war with Russia for calling an emergency meeting. WTF was she thinking?
[deleted]
I was banned the other day. Don't think i've ever visited the sub let alone posted there. They're blanket banning T_D users. Apparently their mods think women are fragile and need to be protected from opposing views.
I legitimately burst out laughing for a good whole minute!
But then how will they be peaceful?
You mean "white hispanic" George Zimmerman
[removed]
Fake news: " Wait... are we the bad guys?"
NoScript?
For those wondering why there are no upvotes from me. I just woke up.
Yes please!
most shitposts are far from true
No I just wrote that...lol thanks though!!!
When she asked him, back in the Republican Primaries, about his views toward women, and he responded with the 🌶🌶🌶🌶 quip about Rosie O'Donnell, she got so triggered that she decided to cut her hair short.
Alex Jones: Megyn, baby... *I have the documents...*
double kek
[deleted]
#INFOWARS DOT COM
Lmao I literally just watched my upvote get taken away
yup
"And the priest said, 'Oh, my bishop, we must put them to the sword. God and all his mercy will find a just reward.'"
Yup.
Wasn't there an incredible number of women on Twitter saying how they kept having extremely pleasurable sex dreams about Trump?
#Based Platform Merchant
Ford either! They took the rights to their copyrighted Ford logo to the bank to use as collateral for a loan. Insanity, but it worked
[removed]
HAS SCIENCE GONE TOO FAR!?
I remember just a year or two ago they found that sea ice thickness was 2x what they estimated. That's only a single variable in their climate model. And that single variable has a 100% error rate.   #Settled  You heretics.
And synthetic drugs, and laundering the money.
Pope lies, people die.      #DEUS VULT
ok ... so what is it that bugs you? Are we supposed to guess, or read your mind, or wait for bated breath for you to tell us?
[removed]
He said it rings a 'vague bell'
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9912  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/24087)
Thank you! &lt;3       I've been "on assignment" for a couple of weeks, glad to get back to the lulz!    : ) : ) : )
the whole resist movement is an embarrassment. the idea came from losers who watched too much harry potter and hunger games movies!  how sad must their lives be that they attempt to live a fantasy...
Good God. Some fake news is already pushing "lone gunmen"
Directly purchasing 60%... and our income being redistributed to those who purchase the other 40%.
No matter how you try to spin it, he is a success story... and certainly didn't get rich as a politician, which you seem to be fine with.
Jesus they are dumb. Tech doesn't run this country! Energy and manufacturing do. If tech wants to waste money start with tesla and drop all government funding. Say bye bye to model 3.
wut?
Thanks!!  It's a great show. I have no idea what's going on. But I love it.
So much shit has happened in the last year I can't remember it all. Like Scott Foval, just hearing his name is like a trip down memory lane.
I didn't see that. Hmmmmm.
Restart the clock
This man is bringing it home for people. I sincerely hope normies start looking this guy up now. If the dems are looking to link farrage to Russia it means the narrative is nearly dead. Theres no one else to pretend implicate.      Spez:spelling
You are taking money that isn't yours and giving it to people who don't need it.   Tax credit/subsidy, either way it's not your money to take and give away
#Ramadan Bomb-a-thon
I don't know what's going on, but I really want to slap that voice.
#Ramadan Bombathon?
Such a peaceful [*muffled explosion*] holiday.
Even her own are getting tired of her whining.
Last friday night I was ambushed in my driveway by someone with a gun. They hit me in the face trying to aim at me I believe they fired 3 shots I retruned fire they took off running. I had been assisting at the Civil War monument in St Louis and now after some reflection wondering if one of those little antifa bitches followed me home. they shot at me with a 22 which is just disrepectful
Clinton did like to use his magic wand.
Good point. There's so much shit being thrown it's easy to forget about the mountain size turd on the horizon.
[removed]
so much vibrancy
[deleted]
[Side of Beef](https://youtu.be/QOCPGMtbuiU) - This never gets old!
They are going to do anything and everything to make their viewers think that pulling out of this is going to destroy the world in 2 months.
[deleted]
Even if there was a picture I would not be surprised if it was another race baiting idiot that did it to start more racial tension just like all the other fake race crimes that were all over the news and then later discovered to be a person of that same race. Best thing we can do is ignore the bait. News isn't news if nobody talks about it or gives a shit.
You misspelled Parasites
Buy a whole pig, and bury it on the grounds.
A Tesla driven today in vast majority of country contributes more pollution to environment than a fuel efficient internal combustion engine car.  Where do you think the electricity comes from, exactly?   Its why I always laugh when I see cucks driving around with their tesla "zero emission" license plates--the morons.
and they happen to have massive geo-thermal resources to tap easily
UGHHH like a dad dancing at prom.
Awh, he hurt your pwecious feelings?  Go cry in the corner, cuck.
Came here to say this too.
Thanks for the laugh pedes! Troll master Trump!
Research! We are going through a builder in a subdivision, but we spent a couple years visiting various models, checking out areas, asking people who have built their opinions, etc. Once the build started, we visit weekly if not several times a week. We have our GC on speed dial and point out issues as we see them. Example: they used a bunch of warped studs to frame the inner walls and mounted the electrical to them. We are making them rip out and replace them. I mean these are really bad twists and warping that I can't even fathom why they would have even used them. Don't be afraid to speak up! Build it right.
Based reply.
I saw the burned out remains of one of the Green Belt mall buildings in Manila back in 2010.  Fucking Moro Islamic terrorists.
My 80 year old grandmother had a Trump sing in her yard and talked about wanting to see Hillary be hanged.
[deleted]
Yeah keep on setting it to 0 shills.  It's clear who's on the right side of history (it's not you).
He may need to check to see if he is still allowed to travel to Europastan without being arrested.   Sad.
In his second newest video by the water he was at Chelsea Piers specifically. Not sure if that's the same for the video posted, but I would assume so.
u know, I used to like the guy… actually this goes for a lot of people in entertainment - now I view them as sad human beings with self destructive crushed egos. They are projecting their own failures on Trump!
Dems love biden. I dont think any dem is like "golly i really hope she picks tim kaine. Thatd be exciting"
Assange = integrity
[deleted]
If HA Goodman has anything to do with taking down this empire I'm pretty much done with the world being too ridiculous to experience at that point.
Never #covfefe
What a miserable old bat.  Go to New Zealand Ruth - time to retire.  Term limits on the Supreme Court!
The purpose of a which hunt is not to FIND a witch, it's to ACCUSE everyone of BEING a witch.  It's basically slander, but legal.
[deleted]
You lucky pede, you. I'm stuck inside with allergies and green tea.
I don't blame you at all.  The dems fucked with their primary like idiots.   Do you know about the [class action suit] (https://www.facebook.com/DNCfraudlawsuit/) that [Jared Beck] (https://twitter.com/jaredbeck) is bringing against the DNC? You have standing!    Also, [this interview] (https://youtu.be/vAwzCHOJE80?t=49s) with Jared Beck &amp; George Webb &amp; Jason Goodman is worth a listen.  And this is [Part 2] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJo5BGE-LFQ) of that interview.
Thanks so much these are exaclty what I was looking for. One less liberal but coming up soon. Thanks
Zing!
Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if this is just another hoax like the other fake hate crimes.
Ooh, that would be spicy. *SMASH* Finally! I'm free! She's been controlling me with MK Ultra the whole time! It was horrible!
The crazy thing here is, Now aday's, and at around that time, honda is more of an american manufacturer then any of em.... with factories here n such.
I wonder if it's radical Islamic terrorists? They're all inbred savages.   MAGA
Manila is the Phillipines capital. If you aren't aware they have had an invasion of muzzies take over a city recently, looks like they're going for the capital now.
[removed]
 It's all unfolding exactly as Scott Adams predicted.   Delusion #1 - Trump is Hitler   Delusion #2 - Trump is incompetent   Next Delusion - Trump is competent, but we don't like his decisions.
Hard to average s9mething that doesn't have many models to reference from....  If you average the wealth of a poor man and a billionaire it makes them both look rich.
Wow  I don't know this anchor, but if there is evidence of her pushing the Russia propaganda prior to this statement, then I will gladly paint with a broad brush and say all these msm people are two-faced
They downvote out of respect for DNC pal Brad Bauman.  Oh wait I meant Seth's Family.
Reminds me of Lost. I have no clue also.
err i ment toyota
What about 'little green men'?
https://www.reddit.com/r/TruthLeaks/comments/6e2s0y/part_64_transcript_hillarys_leakers_and_hackers/
**WARS**
Get the karma metrics going on this one boys and post after 0. Inb4 chicanery.
Why would hybrids and Electric cars not be viable? It's a new technology. And just like any takes time and money to get to get it cheap and good enough for anyone.   The Aeroplane went through this same thing. No one had a plane then a few rich people had planes that werent very good then more rich people had planes that were meh then by the 60's the upper middle class got more easy access then we get to today where traveling by air is completely accessible to many  It's just how tech works. Same thing with computers, telephones, television, radio, etc
I'm sure the media will find/make up some huge damning talking point.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's the X2, low fluoride voters are the best voters.
The Filipinos are way too fucking good for this bullshit. I lived there for 7 months and they were _all_ industrious, hard-working and well-mannered. It is the most Catholic country in the world aside from the Vatican and these people do not deserve Islam fucking up their lives.
You guys are AWESOME! If we gave gold here, I'd do it  Patreon or such to help?
Let the market create jobs.   We don't need Washington to pick winners and losers with other people's​ money
Why not nipperoni?
No need to change the second line.  "But a bitch ain't one"
[removed]
Just watched it, wouldn't it be obvious if they killed him? I don't think they are that stupid
I heard color.  But my phone speaker isn't the best lol.
I'm not a concern troll, but it isn't easy to sift through hours upon hours of videos. I want justice for Seth Rich, but going through a mountain of stuff to find the relevant bits isn't the way that's going to happen. We need a succinct summary of the evidence.
35k but ok
China uses the zero sum ocean system. Fish 1 million tons of endangered fish out of the oceans, place 1 million tons of pollution into the ocean. They are practicing conservation!
These poor babies. Trump wont do whats best for our countries! He's incompetent! He needs to be replaced.  No you stupid fuck. We elected him to tell you to fuck off. NATO can fuck off until they are paying their fair share. The EU can fuck off forever.
Hijacking because for some reason reddit is deleting my posts... Netflix documentary links John pedosta to pedophile ring!!! IMPORTANT! [Netflix documentary links Pedosta to pedophile ring](http://yournewswire.com/netflix-john-podesta-pedophile-ring/)
Water you trying to say about carrots?
The inmates have been running the asylum so long they actually believe they're the doctors. This lunatic is in for a big shock.
Things must be getting really bad when Andrea Mitchell starts making sense.  She's probably the highest paid prostitute out there.
[deleted]
Holy shit! I was there in the Navy. WTF? Whoa!
[removed]
lol, don't expect a response.  Elon Musk literally is the only person that can unite Reddit--they guy apparently pisses champagne and shits rainbows.
Wait, he found Braverman? He's done? Nooooooooooooo...
Just got 0 reset
What does Macedonian content taste like?
A heart attack is plausible, probably easy to cause (since it seems to happen a lot) and much easier to rationalize than a gym accident or "robbery."  I hope he's super fucking careful. And starts managing his weight.
Then there would be no point to making fun of Seth.  They might make comments directed at us but not at the death of one of their friends.  Unless they consider him actually leaking information which if true would mean they were in on it in on it.
I called this shit! Literally the second she said it during the debate to deflect the WikiLeaks question, I fucking called it and have been saying it over and over and over since that day. No one would listen to me outside of this sub.
Thank you from the copy pasta
"Trump's economy has nothing to do with me, I was on Soros' payroll since the primary in 2016" - ShareBlue shills
DOT COM
FUCK Samantha Power. I remember a few months before the election when we bombed a Syrian military base (slaughtering over 60 Syrian soldiers) and then ISIS attacking and capturing the base in coordination with our strike! So Russia called an emergency UN Security Council meeting and this cunt gives a press conference calling the meeting "a magicians slight of hand" to distract from the real news coming out of Syria.
I can't remember: does that mean they decided on a new pope or will they vote again?
Just imagine for one second if the RNC was being accused of a murder conspiracy and there was a link like this.  It would be headline news for months. I am beginning to FUCKING LOATHE the DNC.
Maybe one with MOAB written on it.
To me these past 17 years is like the movie Signs.   Where terrible shit happens at first, but it makes the people affected ready to learn from their past the next time they're challenged. The rush to WW3 and losses in the hundreds of thousands if not millions may have been prevented by the American people collectively learning from the tragedy of Iraq and the misinformation that led to Iraq, not enough people sticking to their principles on claim-proof.
I think some are confusing the DNC leaks with the Podesta emails.  The DNC leaks came well before Access Hollywood, Podesta emails came right after the tape.
#SPICY RAMADAN BOMBATHON THIS YEAR
Bots can't downvote when the sub is private.
What? It's in the archived page: https://archive.fo/H8GoU
This is a logical and reasonable Patriot, get this Patriot a Coat !
Radicalized Amish at it again
Outstanding! Looking forward to it.
Kek
#It has happened. THEY ARE DONE.
So smart
Now THAT is a real estate Mogul. You can't beat those prices!!
It's 3:00am in Korea so I'm gonna sleep, but I hope I wake up with a plethora of evidence. Thanks again for ur time
i'm so happy this is on /r/all with a 0 count.  hopefully people start questioning why, which will lead to /u/spez tripping over himself trying to explain his blatant manipulation of content
**I'm starting to think this might be related to the Manilla attacks going on now.  Like a coordinated effort for maximum impact.**
Must be Ramadan Thursday in Manila
[deleted]
Pollution is very real. Ask Delhi/Beijing smog.   Gates foundation is investing on cleaner tech. Environment friendly stuff.   Ofc, I don't mean Al Gore type doomsday prevention when I say "saving the planet"
This guy should be careful. Precedents show that this is a clear path to being suicided or killed in a robbery in which nothing was stolen.
Just want to point out that again I disputed that you were wrong, and you made no argument against my assertion. "try again" looks really misplaced.  There is systemic change to temperature. If amount of greenhouse gasses increases trapping effect increases, and rate at which planet emits heat into space decreases. It does so until it heats up the planet enough to match increased heat loss through Stefan-Boltzmann with reduced heat loss caused by greenhouse gasses.  Every change in amount of greenhouse gasses shifts this equilibrium.
Guess who kicked the Rothschilds out recently? Yup. The Philippines. Who resorts to chaos to get their way? The Rothschilds.
Place your bets folks!
#COUNTER STATUS: RESET TO ZERO
The Apple logo really nails it!
same here, didn't even post anything bad, its completely controlled.
"To build a lasting peace we will have to dig many graves."
Who is this Hero?!
[removed]
Nothing to see here, just the religion of pieces culturally enriching people
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 194,813 COATS HANDED OUT!**    We are 96.91% of our goal to coat the 201,020 great people of Glendale, California. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)
 How the fuck......
It's funishment, not punishment.  ;-)
#LOL. 0 points (48% upvoted).
Top Kek
Dope, that is my site.
## **Funny shit watching retards flail at each other ..**
[removed]
[EVERYONE LOOK AWAY PLEASE. NOTHING TO SEE HERE.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DG97dAVZns&amp;feature=youtu.be)
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy as far as I'm concerned. That's the same a****** that tweeted shade at Seth Rich after he passed.  I would bet he only has the balls to talk smack to Hillary because he knows where more Clinton bodies are buried and has a life insurance folder of his own.
there was this one guy who spammed the shit out that post lol  video was 1:20 long i had to make it shorter (15s gfycat limit) and even in 60fps you don't even see how many posts were deleted lol (notice the cursor the futher down the faster i scroll)
VLAD OF GLORY TELL THE STORY
A lot of times the whitehouse gives the press a copy of the speech before it's made.
The writing is on the wall, and the media outlets who promoted this Russia story are going to start moving away as they realize it. That way they can all say they recognized this as a conspiracy theory that wasn't based on real evidence. The sheep will eat this up, while those of us in the know will see through their bullshit.
say whaaaaaat
The best course of action is hearing it from the horses mouth. There are videos about this.
Why am I not 50 scoops ahead, you might ask?  Because your "Hilldawg" gave up and is out of play so I can't even be ahead of her anymore  She has descended into irrelevance
#Killing the polar bears is the job of the Esquimaux.  [Original spelling.]  Also whales.
lol, it's such a desperate move. Not to mention a move that affects me in no significant or insignificant way. It's all virtue signalling, which, btw, I'm entirely pro-choice though I wish there was more discussion about adoption, I'm entirely for funded contraception, as it will prevent unwanted and unloved children who then turn into criminals who we then have to house in prison for decades and I'm very pro women's rights in regards to rape accusations and domestic violence, though of course innocent until proven guilty should still rule the day in the land of the law....you think those are topics they'd be interested in? Somehow they'd find a way to call it a "Drumpf stained issue" lol.
I don't think it would be too painful for us to do just that. Trump pulled us out of the TPP, and said we would do better to make individual deals with other nations rather than have one, all encompassing agreement. And from what I've seen, China and recently, Vietnam have both been talking with the U.S. about one on one trade deals that will benefit America. Killing the TPP was a great move, and those other countries involved with it will seek out individual deals with the U.S. if they see it fit.
Gardeners /s
The whole Trump family is truly classy....but I do kinda hope Baron's grandmother slaps the crap out of crappy Ken Jennings.    Carolyn Reidy is the CEO of Simon and Schuster (crappy Ken's publisher).  I gave her a call and I'm hoping you will too.
she could fast 24/7 for 6 months without malnourishment
GO DOW, GO!
55k now;  viewership's ramping up.
&gt;returned fire  What were you packing?
"if"???
Ummm...ok.  let's not show support for conservative companies, but only the ones to boycott...right?
This..they are switching over, MSM knows it's going to have to play defense now as administration starts to drain swamp.
An In-Covfefe Truth!
that is what i came here to do
WTF
Pretty sure it's the methane you need to worry about here.
Looks like talking points were given out ahead of time
It's probably a side effect of the serious neurological disorder she refuses to disclose.
[deleted]
They can't even support the rapefugees that have swarmed in.
We can't stop winning!  You get a brick ... and you get a brick .... EVERYBODY GETS A BRICK!
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 62842 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**  We are at **10.4712421105%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!  At this rate, the wall will be **732.638462679 MILES WIDE** and **325.627210751 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
 We don't need an international agreement to innovate and advance:  &gt; A new study from the U.S. Energy Information Administration, as reported by the SUN DAY Campaign, revealed 19.35 percent of all electrical generation in the United States comes from renewable sources. That total included hydropower at 8.67 percent of total generation, followed by wind at 7.1 percent, biomass at 1.64 percent, solar at 1.47 percent and geothermal at 0.47 percent. **The total share produced by renewables greatly exceeded the EIA’s previous predictions. Its 2012 Annual Energy Outlook report predicted renewable generation would reach 15 percent of all electrical generation in 2035.**   We're already at 19% and the prediction in 2012 was we'd only reach 15% by 2035. Like "climate science", our predictions of how well the market will perform and technology will adapt are totally unreliable.
*Plot Twist Greg Gianforte Take Trumps Spot and Bodyslams the Paris Accord*
Rules are rules, don't go to hell or wherever.
Have some bricks covered in coats.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 62843 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**  We are at **10.4713655433%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!  At this rate, the wall will be **732.679529001 MILES WIDE** and **325.630875881 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
[removed]
WE'RE GONNA WIN SO MUCH YOU'RE GONNA BE SICK AND TIRED OF IT!  YOU'RE GONNA SAY "MR PRESIDENT, STOP WINNING! IT'S TOO MUCH! I CAN'T HANDLE IT!"  AND I'M GONNA SAY "I DON'T CARE! WE'RE GONNA KEEP WINNING! BECAUSE WE'RE GONNA MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!"
I cannot wait for my facebook feed to hit critical mass that the earth will end tomorrow  And I quote “climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism.”
Lucky! - the folks I work with only use critical thinking from 9 to 5, and even then only when it pertains to work. Hopefully I can find a position elsewhere ASAP.
Don't forget Dennis Hastert, relationship apparent in the Podesta emails and in pictures with Podesta.  Don't forget Christopher Kloman, who the Alefantis family was cheering for in court.  Don't forget Richard Harding, lobbyist who lives around the corner from Comet Ping Pong. He is now a registered sex offender.  Don't forget Terry Bean and his boyfriend playing "ping pong" with an underage male.  Don't forget the Pentagon ring, thousands strong, where the investigation evaporated.  The Dutroux Affair, where hundreds of thousands marched on the palace in Belgium after it became apparent that Marc Dutroux wasn't just keeping girls in his basement for himself, he was part of a wider ring that was never investigated.  What about widespread child abuse in the Catholic Church?  The Finders case, where pictures were found of children participating in ritual sacrifice and was left untouched as a "CIA internal matter"?  The Pace Memorandum, where Bishop Pace of the LDS church spent a year and a half, every week, interviewing children from different states who were ritually abused. The investigation also evaporated.  The Franklin Scandal, where the evidence all blew up in a plane.  &gt;According to a study of 2,709 members of the American Psychological Association; it was found that 30 percent had seen cases of ritual or religion- related abuse and 93% of the professionals believed that ritualized abuse occurred.  &gt;In 1992, a survey of the membership of the ISSTD, Nancy Perry concluded that 88% of 1185 mental health professionals reported belief in ritual abuse.  And yet the news doesn't talk about these things.
Hey, you're cutting into Planned Parenthood's margins with that sort of talk...
is he secretly a pede?
Shame all of the cry-baby bitches are already disliking the video en-masse because they don't like Trump, I mean the statement hasn't even begun yet.
Yikes... even the lefties are starting to pile on Killary! Better get Coach to call time out before this thing gets even uglier.
[deleted]
It's okay they buy those fucking sham anticarbon tickets or some shit
Shadilay
Deal by the Grateful Dead works here
There's lots of green jobs. I work in the electronic waste industry and it's growing like crazy. Whether or not we're in the Paris agreement isn't going to have an impact on the industry.
Yes was thinking the same thing
Gotta love seeing The Leftovers on The_Donald.
pluger in!!!!
That is correct.  While she was working for the Clinton foundation, on the taxpayers dime
#COME ON, DO WHAT HILLARY'S FATHER SHOULD HAVE DONE THE NIGHT SHE WAS CONCEIVED!
Yeah puerto Rico is really the 51 st state. I call the philippines like this because they're so much inside the american sphere of influence there is no way such a thing could have happened, unless someone wanted it to happen.  Duterte detested Barack Hussein Obama, who, as a boy, went into the same madrasas (coranic schools) in Indonesia and the phillipines as the Daesh leaders. Is it a simple coincidence? Is this the head of bridge for a land invasion?  Because if a land that is eighty percent christian, entirely under american military protection, can fall that quick, it can only means one things: things are in motion, now.
Not if your name is Alonso...
Hahaha he has an Apple
Protection of environment should be a local affair. Residents ensure their lakes and rivers and protected. Not international accords!  This basic principle should guide forward the treaties.
Extra triggered
Thanks. Have a Coat
50k. That are tired of fake news like cnn
I hate waiting on CNN to approve the information.
Hurry up Don I wanna get some sleep
[removed]
Covfefe covfefe!
56k+ for me!
Hole up hole up hole up
Great meme but TRUMP will be a household name for a fucking century!
Cheif Covfefe!!! Shadilay!
Snopes is saying this didn't even happen? What's happening
It's still my ringtone
[deleted]
#Beavis, he wrote "Pull out".  Heheheheh  huh uhuhuhhu.
# IS A
Muh Resist
Vast right-wing conspiracy just rearing it's ugly head. /s
I'm on there too.  Alas, no assholes have messaged me.   I'm kind of dissapointed...
Holy shit I never realized that the covfefe existed before Trump
There are 60k people staring at a blue screen in ANTICIPATION of he Paris Accord getting BTFO!!!!!   Spez: 68k at 3:27pm  SPEZ2: 75K AT 3:30     Spez3: 82k at 3:32    97k at its peak!!  Paris Accord BTFO!!!
I love Steyn, but I wish Rush were on today and tomorrow.
I get it!
Ask your mom :)
"he plays the harmonica! Whoaaa!"
&gt;FOX NEWS "The overwhelming group of PAID SHILL Scientists agree that Climate Change exists." - Chris Wallace (senior Fox News ShiLLhead)  FTFY
**LET'S ALL PULL OUT AT ONCE AND BUKKAKE THE UN AND EU!!!**
Got my salt mining equipment ready...
Not surprised.  They have all been so tweaked by MAGA that they can't maintain the facade.    "When they go low, we go high".  Indeed.
Haha, those are the best. "I hate trump, lets do something, WE ARE THE RESISTANCE"
I hope he does!
#ColonCowboy
Stream with nice classical music.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLrO5KPP1R4
I'm actually shocked at some of the statements from world leaders over this. They truly believe the world is going to end over this, and they truly believe they can somehow affect the world climate.
#DO NOT EVER BECOME SO NAIVE AS TO THINKING THERE IS AN "INNOCENT" MUSLIM. THEY ALL WISH ILL WILL TO THE KAFIR
You're the best, thank-you!
Open-carry mowing hot southern gal.  What's not to love?
I hope he does pull out of it..
I remember a Obama speech at the Coast Guard saying we will be flooded with "climate refugees" traveling by boat and the oceans will flood our military bases that are by the ocean.
 COVFEFE COVFEFE?
Chris Wallace is a cuck
oh shit. lol i don't think so though
https://www.iheart.com/live/710-wor-5874/
I would love it if he trolls the media on this one.   *leans into mike*  " His name was Seth Rich"
CNN has Pocahontas standing by ready for a single tear to roll down her high cheek bone.
**BTFO Bilderberg!!!**
Liberails will ..uhh... find .. a way...
Made in the USA
Sometimes no statement is the greatest statement?
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A COAT! THATS 194,815 COATS HANDED OUT!**    We are 58.08% of our goal to coat the 335,400 great people of Santa Ana, California. Let's make sure everyone gets a coat in the United States! For every Centipede a coat, for every coat a Centipede!  This bot was created by devious1087, feedback always welcome. [Meme Reference!](https://youtu.be/OiYVVT1aQFM)
Even once the curve leveling out, moving the average age at which people enter the workforce from (guessing here) &lt;18 to &gt;20, while nearly doubling the number of people above retirement age is going to strain the system.
We can only do one thing at a time, and cutting back on carbon emissions is a start, but not the end.
If he were doing it for money, he'd at least be taking the presidential salary.
[deleted]
Lol she might actually be playing go fish. Except she is a horrible liar and so easy to call the bs out.
[deleted]
r/coaxedintoasnafu
&gt;With what army?  ours. Except we'd pull all of our troops
More taxes more stress.  No thanks libs!
For the Vatican or something else?
And stealing the silverware from the kitchen in the back just like momma did.
I haven't made a big deal out of it, liberals did, which make up a big portion of the population. Stop being an aggressive asshole we're on the same side. Jesus Christ.
Agreed. Remember our campaign rule its not true til he says it.
Business Insider did a story yesterday that women are crying during a battle scene where Wonder Woman starts kicking ass.  They're probably crying because they know it's fiction.
damn straight
15k on amicus waiting while watching him roast acosta. the 'very fake news' moment.
This shit  is  why I rarely watch tv or movies anymore.   PedoHollyweird.
2924 comments 0 upvotes  1:17 MST  Fuck you Spez
unless it's "COVFEFE COVFEFE"
It wasn't Christian Caucasian males, not this time. In a rare statistical outlier, extremists that sometimes visit mosques (not real Muslims) from the so called Islamic state (not really Islamic, not really a state) already claimed responsibility.
Breaking News: Global ocean levels rise over liberal tears
[deleted]
&gt; "I'd liked to announce today that the US will be leaving the Paris Climate Deal and Bill Clinton is a Rapist, thank you for your time."  - POTUS
If Kek is real he will do this and then walk away without taking questions.
Colbert tonite:   All hail the new Ecological Axis of Evil: Syria, Nicaragua and the United States.
Ugh more conspiracy nonsense!
we want our people in the room
🙌🏽
i'm getting a tingle up my leg thinking that we're about to witness some 80 dimensional battle chess/go hybrid combo. there's no other reason that he held off the announcement for a huge production like this. he's gonna drop some verbal moabs. this shit's about to be LIT af
51 virgin cars.
Look at my garden! The climate is fine!
THIS IS NOW ZERO AGAIN AS OF 20:18 BST  SPEZ - 2923 comments
To be fair it's from sometime between 2000 &amp; 2005. I don't quite remember.
No sleep till swamp drained
lawncare, mostly.
Wait I thought Duterte was a hardliner badass that was going to annihilate ISIS out of his country.  What happened ?
Can we get that as picture-in-picture?  That would be awesome...
It's ticking up every time i refresh. 58k LOL
This is great news. Who's paying him? Can you DM me the organization? I'd love to infiltrate.  Also, [Meme](http://imgur.com/a/OFPKO)
I would love to have Megan Kelly cum on my show. And we could do it raw. And insist on recording it live.
http://www.investors.com/politics/editorials/al-gore-runs-global-warming-racket/
Just happened to me too! Wtf?!
Iron Eyes Lizzie.
None of these "renewable" sources, with the exception of Hydro, are economically feasible.  They don't produce without our providing YUGE subsidies.
http://i.imgur.com/cNaF2At.gif
Oooh this is going to be SO GOOD!  God Emperor will display his wrath and there WILL BE WEEPING AND GNASHING OF TEETH!
Those Soros paychecks don't write themselves
Yep, and I think that's where the "you're shilling about climate change" mentality is coming from around here.    Graphs like these (though CO2/Temp graphs are better) are undeniable proof that humans are affecting the natural cycle of the world climate.  **Nobody** is saying that humans are 100% the cause, and I think that's where a lot of people are misunderstanding.  The environment absolutely changes on a natural cycle, as is evidenced by that very graph, but there too lies evidence for how humans have changed and amplified that cycle.    Climate change is being significantly influenced by humans; the issue of "climate change" comes down to the degree of influence.  Anyone who says it's 100% a result of humans is an idiot -- anyone who says humans haven't affected it at all is also an idiot.
China is allowed to pollute, because corporations move all their factories there. And China doesn't give af. No one stops to think that if business comes back to US, it would actually help the climate, if you believe in climate change. Even if we deregulate, it will never be like China or India. (I'm for US pulling out of the Paris accord.)
PS:  COVFEFE
www.aclj.org
this has been set back to 0 every time i check it today
fine print says it all
The only thing that could confuse authorities more is if "Allahu Akbar" was yelled just before the explosion.
There was a laptop battery fire yesterday so now the buzz is if that happened in the cargo hold, what do you do...outside of if the halon fire extinguisher systematically
I don't get it. Please enlighten me here.
... and flood Al Gore's beach house
"Industrialized, rich countries should pay for poor countries to build more renewable power."  Americans are tired of paying the bill for other countries. The foreign country gravy train is over, the Trump train has arrived.
not yet :(
I remember that episode of the Simpsons when Abe was undergoing euthanasia watching cops beating up hippies while Glenn Miller Orchestra was playing. Our version of that would probably be watching Antifa get the shit kicked out of them while listening to Trump rallies.
It's easy enough to guess.  Who holds a press conference to announce they're going to continue an existing program?
#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#131169385117000)  #CURRENT SPEED: 131,169,385,117,000 MPH!  At that rate, it would take approximately 12.782 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!   ^^^^A ^^^^bot ^^^^by ^^^^/u/BotsByLiam. ^^^^Please [^^^^use ^^^^this ^^^^form](http://botsbyliam.com) ^^^^or ^^^^visit ^^^^/r/BotsByLiam ^^^^to ^^^^report ^^^^errors ^^^^or ^^^^make ^^^^suggestions!
America first agreement on climate or GTFO!
im on the fence.  what is your reason for wanting out?
97% of scientists agree. So you should too!
"how far are you pulling out"  That's what she said
It's not perfect, but it's a start.  As for the smoke stacks, well that's why I support clean and renewable energy and the development of technology to use it efficiently.  Interestingly there's a lot of cronyism in regards to solar right now; some cities make it illegal, others don't cut your bill on lower usage, etc.
Climate change absolutely exists, but we don't control it.
Paris agREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEment
I'm on FBN now. #Noshep
[deleted]
[deleted]
Covfefe Climate Accord to be announced.  China reduces carbon emissions, we promise to do something by 2030 and the world must send $100 billion to the US every year.
Nah they're just trying to convince people to give them 100 trillion dollars.
Oh noooo.... that sucks
It's always better to argue you stances or not talk politics at all.  Once you label yourself as one of the edgy types, all intellectually honest discussion is over. "You're a mean, horrible, bad, and stupid person for being blablabla..."  Well, if you present your arguments backed up with facts, stats, and logic, and maybe cool it with the edgy remarks then you may have a fair discussion until ad homs start flying. Because lets face it, all sides think they have the right idea and usually don't listen to the other side and just try to find holes or poke one if there isn't any.
**It's... what they use to make CO2!... 'Cause CO2's got electrolytes!**
I'm surprised Sweden hasn't offered to relocate their country to accommodate them
[removed]
Spicy!  All they need to do is say "look what you support *if* you cast your vote their way".
Holy shit if I didn't hate reddit I'd buy you gold for this.  But, u/Spez is a cuck and I refuse to give money to this site
You never really think of those other two as having their shit together
I like it when he wears black.... black suit, black tie, black shirt.  I saw him in a pic standing at the Resolute desk wearing all black,  and the rest of the room was that conformist garb, it really stood out to me.   Bannon is a pol after my own heart ☺
Oh My.  He looks very pleased.
I was supposed to drown in the 80s from Lake Erie flooding.
It is religion of peace .... when all infidels are killed there will be peace.
Damn one comment on here and I get banned from /r/twoxchromasomes   too bad I never went to that sub anyway
It's so sad we have to ask this. Feels like the clock resets every hour on the hour now.
[removed]
I hope he starts the speech:  &gt;12 score and 1 year ago, our fathers brought forth, upon this continent, a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Today we are engaged in a great struggle against globalism testing whether our freedoms, or any liberties so conceived, and so dedicated, can long endure.
He is shitting all over the reporters
&gt; Edit; all my fucking tendies to the wind  I laughed way too hard at this. My innards actually hurt now.
Can't you just feel Al Gore' s REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
If he actually cared what the media and globalist thought a good move would have been to just say the senate needs to ratify it, it'd never pass.
Balloon Boy's revenge!
His name was SETH RICH aka PANDA the DNC WHISTLEBLOWER.
Aging exists too. But no agreement will change that.
He's been screwing with them for weeks over this. All  their speculations that he may or may not pull out of that damn thing. He keeps them exhausted with contemplation.  If you've been following along you'd  know that he was going to keep his campaign promise
deus goddamn vult
D E S I G N A T E D
[deleted]
That's the best part. This is them pulling out all the stops
It's a project veritas style video of the National Abortion Federation. Planned Parenthood makes up about 50 percent of the membership. They are talking about the darker practices in the abortion business and laughing about them. One part that stuck with me was one of the doctors saying that she would rip off the legs of babies if the umbilical was close to coming out so that she wouldn't get charged with preforming a partial birth abortion.
Textbook virtue signaling.
A wizard is never late..
Who will be the next "leader" for the Dems?  Who is on their bench.  Let's get a list of the top 5 or so and get a running start on finding out how horrible they are.
Reddit is only against whatever is inconvenient for them. They have no principles.
[deleted]
Mightiest kek
What if against all odds this is the beginning of Megyn Kelly becoming redpilled?  She's already at CNN.   Could you imagine the drama if she's the only redpilled person on air on that network?
Yeh l have contacted them on 3 different avenues and we actually do buy commercial lots of books for kids upto 15yrs old through a small charity me and a business associate run.We brought over $5000 worth just a couple of months ago.
mods = gods  its true, ive seen it
&gt;I hate Duterte as much as anybody   &gt;Unity is what the Philippines has been needing in forever  The irony.... Perhaps you're part of the problem?
The faster they bankrupt the better off we all are
At least she gave incontinence and drunkenness a break - they may be on the next list.
Apocalypse is more of an exciting cause to them than doing boring things like fixing the backbone of our country.
negative it didn't go in, just impacted on the surface.
And Al Gore is laughing all of the way to his stacks of millions in the bank.
Probably just gunshots of peace..
Wanna see some dank memes?  *proceeds to show dank stash of election memes of hillary shitting herself and being tossed like a side of beef*
They maybe play a blip of this then tell you he wants earth to implode.
Did you just assume my species!!!
i have 12 000 comments karma. i also don't post much link or self, so it should be easy to check my post history. what about you get some chill, bro?
http://imgur.com/a/udfsy
Read Zerohedge. There's a lot of reasons to be concerned regarding a stock-market bubble.
u/spez orders the mods to downvote and reset to zero anything from r/The_Donald
[REJECT THE GHETTO. It violates your dignity and the American values you hold dear.](http://np.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6byhh7/reject_the_ghetto_it_violates_your_dignity_and/)
[deleted]
And this is why we talk to our sticky nuggets.   We breath out CO2. Plants breath in CO2.  Humans breath in Oxygen. Plants breath out Oxygen.   They USED to each this shit to kids in school! NOW they teach them about their sex junk.   (I found out about my sex junk all by myself!)
With money and jobs saved on this, all americans will be rightfully able to afford ACs, so who needs that environment anyway.
Let's just turn the clock off for a while. Too much work to keep resetting it.
Climate Accord Interruptus
Yeah they see "climate deal" and freak the fuck out, have absolutely no idea what this agreement really was about.
*Are still doing this.
"Millions will die!  Millions will lose their health insurance!  We're not even sure what order that will happen in!"
#wew
THIS
Suffering through crappy AM radio driving on the GSP.  I got the jist though and it was awesome.
seriously! im so sick of their shit
Underrated comment, nicely done lol
Fucking Russians at it again...
## *DEEP BREATH*
Doesn't it feel good to be on the Trump Train!
&gt;Whether it is man made or how much impact man is having is what is disputed.  The only people who dispute that climate change is caused by humans are those who stand to profit from it (or who are willfully ignorant). Literally the entire world agrees that climate change is man-made.  "Multiple studies published in peer-reviewed scientific journals1 show that 97 percent or more of actively publishing climate scientists agree: Climate-warming trends over the past century are extremely likely due to human activities."  https://climate.nasa.gov/scientific-consensus/
Islamophoboc solar system!!!!
#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#131269385117000)  #CURRENT SPEED: 131,269,385,117,000 MPH!  At that rate, it would take approximately 12.772 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!   ^^^^A ^^^^bot ^^^^by ^^^^/u/BotsByLiam. ^^^^Please [^^^^use ^^^^this ^^^^form](http://botsbyliam.com) ^^^^or ^^^^visit ^^^^/r/BotsByLiam ^^^^to ^^^^report ^^^^errors ^^^^or ^^^^make ^^^^suggestions!
#**FALSE SONG OF GLOBALISM STATUS: NO LONGER SURRENDERED TO**
Press 45 for me...
Their responses were typed out days ago
http://m.apa.az/en/world-news/europe/george-soros-has-urges-the-eu-to-continue-pressing-poland-and-hungary [[fixed]]
When Obama got elected the oceans stopped rising. Now islands will capsize.  Oh the humanity. Run AWAY!
Probably all those FBI files that went missing in Jan of 2001...
Awesome.
I have never seen such divide in our country. Why do these people want to ruin our country I will never know!
I'm addicted to it.
I love that the terminology is "pull out"  It makes it seem like Trump is going to bust all over the collective backside of the globalists of the world. Very happy he's fucking them over.
[deleted]
Which show is this from?
DailyMail article: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-4192182/World-leaders-duped-manipulated-global-warming-data.html  **FACTS CONFUSE THEM!**
The worm is turning. I think Clinton is a goner.
[removed]
Hooray for USA start mining heavily for the highly combustible covfefe fuel! Burn baby burn!
They're going to turn on her so fast. She's irrelevant and they all know it. For the moment she is being indulged like the crazy aunt at the family reunion. She can't keep trashing everyone around her and expect them to take it at their own expense.
Over 2.9k comments and no votes lol wow I guess I had to see it to believe it.
&gt; then the swamp will drain   Manage your expectations, because that's not how the world works. Julian Assange showed the whole world matter-of-factly that the DNC was colluding to push a candidate, that Hillary was illegally sending classified information around, and a dozen other illegal activities that demands jail time.    Did the swamp drain then?  How about in the 12 months since when we've learned that Hillary lied even MORE than she said she did originally?  Swamp drainage is up to us as a collective.  One person can't do it.
Ah, shit. I'm about to travel there in a few weeks...fuck. Cancelling seems wise atm...
Let them act on climate. We don't need the Paris Accord to be clean. America is a leader in clean energy. We don't need a bs Paris Accord to have clean air and water.
Nono We are, "*negotiating*" ;) Big difference
Today I am so proud to be an AMERICAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Member when the US withdrew from the Kyoto accord and the whole world burned and everybody died?
Yeah saw this "news" on redacted. They also have an article from a lobbyist webpage on the front page along with SorosBlue.
Well they though Hillary would be a good President, so.........
I FUCKING LOVE THIS SUB, OUR PRESIDENT, SETH RICH AND HIS FAMILY, YUENGLING BEER, MONEY, SUCCESS, AND EVERYONE WHO WANTS TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Because winners vote republican
No big loss.
Exactly. It's not needed anyway. Plus, removing the subsidy will provide incentive to lower production costs.
Great article. Hard to fathom how close we were to permanent ruin before Trump came along to start tearing down the globalist elite.
Who the fuck is downvoting NATURE?  Fucking animals!
Never thought I'd follow a porn star (i'm a middle aged stay at home mom) but I follow her.  If you follow her it's obvious that she's quite a different person now... it's good to see.
Also here for the ban. First post.   Bill Clinton is a rapist, INFOWARSdotCOM.   There are two genders.   The DNC murdered Seth Rich.   That should do it.
WE PULLING OUT BOYSSSS MAGA!!!!!
These guys like money better than they like politics.
[UPDATE 25 injured so far](https://twitter.com/BreakingNLive/status/870352921854189568) no reports of death, hoping there won't be any.
Subtle, no?
Hispanic African American? Wouldn't that be a Dominican?
You just got tired if it? I voted Trump cause I was already tired of it back then.  You got the patience of a saint.
If only Frank Marshall Davis had thought the same thing.
Styx is awesome. I remember that the only thing I disagreed with him was his view of Ann Coulter, and later he nailed that too and proved me wrong. Styx has his own opinions and despite sometime ranting a bit, his points are very good most of the time.
?
You know bilderberg is going to be going nuts in VA this year.  Wonder if they chose a US location for a reason?
To Syria?
Trump to Gore and his fan club, "buzz off, climate fear mongers and opportunists.   We gotta MAGA."
He forgot to mention stoking violent opposition from supporters.
[deleted]
Blow it out of your collective asses cucks. You got 7 more mother fucking years of this you cerebral challenged fucks.
Radical Buddhist Crusades  Educate yourself, shitlord
That's a retaining wall.
Don't give them views pedes
So you're saying there are still land dwellers? I've been living in a underground bunker since Y2K. Did Al Gore bamboozle me?
## **OH, FUCK YEAH!!**  **Bye bye, bitch ..**
MMMMmmmmm. Salty and Delicious!  Time to gorge on some America Fries from McDonalds in celebration!
Yea, but the age of consent in Hawaii, and many other states including my own is 16, even now. Not saying his dads not a creeper fuck, just saying it is legal technically.
Several times in fact
Trump succeeded in yet another covfefe by pulling out of anti-American jobs Paris Accord. America First!
YO! Where's the fucking shoe?!?!?
RINO CUCK - outoutout. He is considering running for senate so Lindsey, NoHero McCain, and Do-nuthin Mitch can have some more backup. I hope any Mormon Utah Pedes in here take notice. They need to start character assassination NOW so he either won't run or loses the primary.
Going to be really hard to rebuild the steel industry with that attitude.
When you run out of non Muslims, you go to other Muslims not doing it right.
Now that is 🌶🌶🌶
How can you assert George Webb relies on "assumptions and conjecture" if you've actually watched any of his videos or interviews?
[deleted]
Love our power too. Let's be honest, if an immediate global threat was posed (alien invasion, armageddon asteroid, etc.) Who would the world be looking at to save them. Sure there would be input from other nations, but the US would be the leader, undoubtedly.
Aah yes. I missed it. Damn
End his tax subsidies immediately. Tax payers foot almost $8,000 per Tesla, not to mention all the other renewable energy shit he's into. If he's so brilliant then he can survive without momma government helping him out.
The climate is always changing... for 4.5 billion years!  Silly to think we could come along and within 15,000 and ruin the whole thing.
Good for him.  Although her failure to visit the Upper Midwest was not why she lost.  Her plan to win those states was vote tampering.  Polls were off which threw off their vote tampering.  Because people like some of us LIED TO THEIR POLLSTERS  HAHAHAHAHA!!
I think ill pass on a tesla purchase. What's the biggest luxury truck i can buy?? Maybe a giant Navigator....
They almost had the video the same day!!
FUCKERS!!!
Weather in Macedonia is pretty good today, right 'pedes ?
Maybe this rag should stick to reporting on if Jennifer Anniston and Brad Pitt are getting back together.🙄
# OH NOES!! WHO WILL GIVE US SAGE COUNCIL WITHOUT ELON?    We'll live somehow, time for someone else to step up!
It was past tense bud. Calm down I'm on your side with the PCA ;)  *I have read* the agreement... I was explaining to OP why China doesn't have to do shit.
My wife looked over my should one day and was like "WHY ARE YOU FOLLOWING A PORN STAR"  I showed her post history and she was like Oh I need to follow her.
Why is she not 50 points ahead??!!
https://wattsupwiththat.com/
Pathetic left.  They will never recover from this election.  For the rest of our lives, we'll see the right take back more and more ground.  Beautiful time to be alive.
That's awesome.
holy shit
they just won't report it, like any other good economic news coming out.
&gt;  but somehow people are still freaking out.  libs dont watch the speech, dont know what's in the agreedment and just read headlines thinking we'll all die in 4 years now.
You can't cure liberalism.  They will never understand
To be fair, your second graphic illustrates why exiting the Paris climate agreement is the right choice. See the rising emissions for China and India and the U.S. decreasing? We can and will reduce our emissions without getting bent over by the global establishment. Do you think China and India will abide by the accord?
This is absolutely true.
I think they receive funds.
Why the hell would photosynthesis halt? That shit makes no sense at all. Also maybe having nuclear for industrial sectors will still be a thing while your average joe can continue to use solar to power his domestics just fine without decreasing the worlds population. You make no sense at all.
Now they will try to start one.
Sorry John McCuck, Sorry Globalist Gary, Sorry Al Gore!
#LOW INFORMATION VOTERS
Are you saying Duterte is going to put on a hockey mask and start brutalizing ISIS with sports equipment?  Cuz I'm down for that
TRUMP BOI
That's not what I said. Give me an outline or whatever.. how does he plan to get this to court? Telling them to watch his videos?
We need to create r/offmychest_TD
He's just mad he won't be getting subsidies. What a cuck.
[deleted]
Hillary definitely understand the plight of the people.  Who hasn't chartered their own plane because they don't like one other person on it.  ಠ_ರೃ
Remember during the 08 campaign it came out that Obama's plane smelled like BO? Yep, it's just just his initials!
I lived in Paris for many years. I won't be going back.
Elon has some good ideas but this wasn't one of them. And if it is more important to him than his space ideas, it only shows the faults in his imagination.
##FUCK AL GORE VP OF RAPIST
Checking in from California, It's slightly warmer today than yesterday. Death is imminent.
How does it feel Europe? We have a leader that loves his country.  #SUCK IT
Mad respect. Even if it turned out that he has some political views that I wouldn't agree with, I would respect them because he conducts himself in a respectable manner. I'm looking at you, the rest of Hollywood.
It's like when you listen to President Trump's address, or see him overseas, rather than going through the ~~Democrat Party~~ media's filter. Suddenly he goes from genius/idiot supervillain to normal guy getting things done for the country's benefit.
Think he means how the Paris capital has been overrun with African "migrants"  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9JxEC5Rq9Q
One of the most beautiful bowl cuts I have seen in my entire life.
She has just seen Huma's nipples.
We need to get rid of Maxine Waters. .  Vote Omar, he's based af
TIL Islam doesn't work when you're 40° away from the equator.
Agent 00-Covfefe
Did sidney actually donate to blm? If that's true he lost a fan
Wrong post
Add it to the long long list
Voter fraud is a bitch.
I missed his speech. Had to take my son to the dentist. But I heard it was great! I'll watch it later on youtube. #MAGA!!!!!
I'd love to see how negotiations went down.  Mediator: "Ok USA, you guys need to contribute 30% of the overall Green Climate Fund goal, can't build factories in these areas, these types of manufacturing are now banned in your country, and you need to subsidize these industries"  Obama: *Unzips pants* "Ok, stick it in there!"  China: "What do we have to do to hold up our end?"  Mediator: "Keep existing"
We're not all this old. Jk I didn't care nearly enough when I was just a wee lad
Buddhists? Fuck no. It was the God damn Amish again.
I have been waiting for someone to stand up like this for a long time.
Agree.  This is huge.  Especially with all the people whispering in his ear.
Ken! My LDS brother. No...
That word is sentalishious.
Lolno that's not going to do anything.  Kill a demon with fire? Child, please.
Liberals always getting their eggo peggo'd
All that guy is thinking is "That's exactly what my wife has been looking for."
THEY PROJECT! It's hilarious! The Paris Accord was the biggest con in recent history.
"you know people are gonna say that you're just pandering to the black vote." "Is it working?"
##**THANK. FUCKING. GOD. 🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼**
12 years inactive Mormon from Texas here. If there was anything I learned, it was to love my family and FREEDOM.
Zarbon, with Freiza's army protecting her
I'm saying aloha to a snack bar that serves tequila fo sho ;)
Jobs report boosted the market, things are going to surge the rest of the month.
I wish that was real
That's a nice wall.
It would've been kind of dignified for Crooked to leave politics gracefully after so many years, but nope. She has to get on TV and peddle conspiracy theories to loony leftists. Deplorable.
So they're free to come in and upvote but not downvote? That doesn't sound right. [It's my understanding that you're allowed to go anywhere and vote however you want as long as you don't go somewhere and indiscriminately upvote/downvote everything or get linked from another subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ModSupport/comments/4u9bbg/please_define_vote_brigading/d5nxoc5/)   Simply seeing stuff you don't like and downvoting isn't brigading, it's the free speech principle that Reddit was founded on. There are plenty of subreddits who don't like /r/all's influence and have disabled themselves from appearing there.
Not true. I live half way between Seattle and Portland in a small rural town. I travel often for work and a Tesla is the perfect mode of transportation
Accurate.
[deleted]
Now that is an effective ad! I love it. All their violence in an easily digestible red pill! I hope this catches on!
He was murdered by the DNC.
The Yinz is real
You can tell just by the fact [she tried to steal the white house silverware](https://www.americarisingpac.org/bill-clinton-jokes-president-taking-govt-property-white-house-like-hillary/) before Dubbya came in. (and [she pried the W key out of every single keyboard in the white house](https://archive.fo/EJrHm) out of sure bitterness)
Pretty much. What has lifted us from that type of living is our ability to coordinate technology and capital to allow us to use these forms of energy. You can have oil in the ground but if your country is poor then good luck getting it out to market without giving foreign investors a cut.  Really we are now living in the hydrocarbon age. There is no way around it.
I'm upvoting you anyway!
More like under the prison right beside that traitor Barry.
Let them. If they keep the money in the US and it will drive businesses out of their states.
Not when white genocide is your goal
[deleted]
well time to piss off
Fine by me. I could do with a little less stomping around the middle east.   But if we are going to stomp around the middle east, let's redraw the borders so they make some sense ethnically - maybe they'll be less inclined to fight if they're not forced into multi-ethnic groupings. And take all the damn oil.
They went full circle with the kushner/backchannel bullshit last week. Next thing you know, they'll be reporting that Trump fired James Comey
Left 08 - 16:  Hahaha fuck you conservatives kill white men hahahaha    Left 17:  YOU MUST LISTEN TO WHAT WE WANT
Arabic speaker here, no it's not. "Sawf Aqif" would be the phrase written in phonetic/latin script, sorry. All someone did was put "Covfefe" in google translate, and at some point pick Arabic, and it did its best to translate a meaningful word close to what was written.
Good
YES!!!!!!
Our taxes are paying for the paris agreement. I don't have any issues with corporations making money in a vacuum, but in this case I'm not cool with it.
Flush it
Username checks out. And agreed. That could stand for anything in his world.
If you get banned will they still send you push notifications from that bullshit cuck sub? I don't even subscribe and get cuck bullshit pushed to my phone.
[deleted]
but the Paris Accord doesn't have anything to do with the citizens of Paris... or Pittsburgh.  idgi
But, I thought he DID screw her ?
Werent canada and mexico saying the same thing about NAFTA?
They had a live special report on CBS this afternoon. They were actually pretty positive about Trumps decision. And pointed out that it was plus for Trumps voter base even if the move would piss off Aston Kusher people on Wall st. and the oil co.s.
Now that you are famous,  will you get me a date with Lauren Southern?
#TendieWatch2017
Yeeeaaaaah I wasn't too thrilled with that. I'm from MI so surrounded by Lions fans who hate the bears. I've been getting shit talk from all of them ever since lol
It is my believe that participating in the recycling program is a comparable to being in the Paris agreement. More harm than good.
Only racists make everything about race.
LMAO! Thanks!
"America saving money is bad for the world."
RIO, CLD, BHP
# HE HASNT EVEN PEAKED YET
America first. Why should the US cripple themselves while China and India have virtually no pollution and carbon emission regulations? Time to stop playing World Police and start helping our own citizens.
"The climate is racist!"  "Well then, guess you'll have to live with it, because you can't change the sky's mind."
I was looking for the shoe.
sancitions, paris agreement, whats the difference?
I sent him the Project Veritas videos about the Dems inciting violence at Trump rallies when those were coming out and have just been slowly feeding him red pills ever since.
When the lefty wackos say something is racist, thats means it is not racist
As a german, I have been sold a picture of America, that didn't allow for any route but hating it. The 2 times i've been there have been nothing but amazing. I still dislike the picture your MSM and media export is painting of you, but i think it actually doesn't represent your country at all. I still hate that you guys can't admit things like your gun violence problems and any idea of socialistic thought. However I see, that you guys here are still the only straight thinking guys all over the internet. I have respect of the love you can show for your own country sometimes.   All in all, we probably don't know each other very well and you'd be surprised when you talk with a lot of us. #notAllGermans  Praise kek.
no it's true
She's definitely got some ho hos up her sleeve that she pretends she is just holding for a friend.
Agree. I think we are seeing the first signs of the criminal cartel betraying each other as they try to save their own skins. That applies at the organizational level and the individual level.
President Trump responds by shutting down Hawaii because its volcanos are producing more Co2 than the Paris accord allows.
[deleted]
Ben Garrison must have been browsing t_d because [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6elwpt/for_your_pleasure_an_updated_hillary_whos_to/) was on the front page not too long ago. If so he drew this up pretty quick.
its a blm talking point that climate change is racist as drought affects poor  africans more than europeans https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/sep/06/climate-change-racist-crisis-london-city-airport-black-lives-matter
'mow their lawn' haha No, I was speaking about the worthless shit engines in vehicles they use to get from A to B, which I likened to lawnmower engines because of how shitty and pollutant they are, and which nobody (least of all China) gives a shit about.   I didn't mean literally... haha, god damn.
Pretty sure I was a few days ago that this was a fake account and rc/dr pepper was trying to get them taken down.
fuck china...  beware the 50 cent party (aka paid communist china trolls. looks like they infiltrated fox news) ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/50_Cent_Party
How far we've gone in just 3 years.
What a hypocrite.
States have the right to do this. It's how things ought to work. I'm very grateful our President pulled us out and now states can act as they see fit... And so can individuals.
One argument I've seen is that Tesla is one of the leading makers in terms of market value, at $51 Billion whereas Ford is around $48 billion. Tesla also receives a much larger amount per vehicle and across every vehicle they sell.
No they said this   http://imgur.com/QIoAkIN
Wtf guys go and fill the damm petition. The one asking for Trumps tax return has 1 million.....
Make it like the Washington monument but gold... and obviously taller
post questions on r/AskThe_Donald
[removed]
Thank you Mr President.
Yes! We need a vote on the wall JUST to see who votes against it, SO WE CAN VOTE THEM OUT.   "Trump is a unicorn" LOL
Good heavens that is spicy!! 🌶🌶🌶
Fucking hell pedes, **SALT EVERYWHERE**
Sounds like someone with a personal plan of self-enrichment under the guise of "I am LE SCIENCE GUY BOW TO ME." Nah...let's not sequester the future of humanity into singular guys like Musk, Gates or Cuckerberg.
Who?
Unfortunately this may lead to tariffs, sanctions, or lack of cooperation from other countries on energy initiatives - hope not though. I agree with your general idea though.
Well it is Ramadan. Who knows. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Need to step it up a little bit
What in the literal fuck?  These people are completely deranged
I too, would love to see the police body cam footage, but I believe if it had happened in FL it would be somewhat easier. Florida "government in the sunshine" laws make accessing this kind of footage easier. (Supposedly) Though I'm not sure why it took a year for the Pulse Nightclub footage to be released.  Hmmmm, could politics be involved?
[deleted]
Is President Donald J. Trump the only one that cares about the people of the United States of America?   WHO ELECTED THESE UNAMERICAN GLOBALIST LOVING POLITICIANS?
They spend that money on their private jets
[Stop. Don't. Come back.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmyJ1RVfnPE)
Love O'keefe.  his last one was a bust but at least he's doing his part.
[removed]
at the rate he's going we may not need to, he's gonna meme himself into office
Sigh ... 3 more long years.
And once 2030 occurs China will exit the agreement.
What disturbed me the most was her voice, her inflection, mannerisms, they're all familiar. Very typically Germanic demeanor. It could've been someone I knew.
So you say you want to understand my viewpoint and then go on to ignore it? I'm not insulting you, yet it seems like that's what you resort to instead of trying to understand other people's viewpoints. You don't have to agree with me, and I don't have to agree with you, but don't pretend to be open minded if you're not. And no one here is "crying", just because someone isn't a die hard republican doesn't mean they're on the liberal tears spectrum or whatever. Both sides are childish and don't wanna hear each other out.
lol
Alrighty then, U.S.A U.S.A U.S.A
Saying that her emails were a "nothing burger" is like a drunk driver claiming his car is doing just fine thanks.   It's not the emails, it's mishandling classified information. Whether it was emails or a lady gaga CD it's all the same.
As well as a racist green frog who has channeled the existence of the egyptian god of Chaos.
Fuck the Musk
The 7500$ tax credit needs to be immediately revoked on their cars.  You want to play games, "Government shouldn't pick winners and losers, therefore we are removing tax credits from green vehicles.  Also, we are nationalizing SpaceX because....well because fuck you, its NASAx now."
Her opportunity was in 2009, but the democrats would rather play race-card oppression Olympics and Obama had less privilege.
God bless Trump! He will go down as the  greatest president of my lifetime. All-time maybe
Time for him to sit back and enjoy 2 scoops of covfefe
I knew it was fake news in the eighties, compliments of Tom Brokaw.
Hey dumbass, you can follow the guidelines. Hell, President Trump will probably make better guidelines. But now your citizens can have jobs.
WTF is she on?  Heroin O.D. ?
I waited for ten years. I support Trump.
The White House put together a neat little video just for you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmiEUVVaFzs&amp;t  The worst part about the accord for me is the pool of trillions that the globalists running the show will be getting, no doubt will result in the lining of many pockets and questionable endeavors.
Better than Viagra.
This
Turncoat network wit a microphoooooone
"one of the worst days of the Trump administration."  7.5 years to go, sister! HAHAHAHA
Kalergi^Kalergi^Kalergi^Kalergi^Kalergi
Socialsm... it sends nations to third world status. You have to have good industries, and lots of employment, with lots of circulating cash to afford to go foreword in a civilization, but, the rising tide of a healthy economy raises all boats. Our poorest people are far far better off ..... in fact, quite wealthy compared to the poor in socialist nations. Been out there. Seen that stuff. Egypt was particularly heartbreaking to look at.
Someone please launch a 🚀 to go fetch my sides from Tiger Woods passed out behind the wheel.
[removed]
Top kek
Plus he and Michael are only going to be there for about two years.
And where is the kitchen sink
[removed]
Clearly macron doesnt care about the environment.
[removed]
[removed]
I agree, she jumped of the train, let her sit in the dust.
Thank you. My Facebook feed is mostly memes.
"If I don't get what I want then I'm going to fucking CRRRYRYYYYYYYYY" - Elon   "You could continue to have a conversation and make valid points about the 8 years of his presidnc-" -Trump   *Musk passes out from triggering*
He REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEsists    http://i.imgs.fyi/img/o8q.jpg
The Princess of Walnut Sauce
Upvote!
STFU Kanye
[deleted]
&gt; ACLU National on Twitter: "Pulling out of the Paris Agreement would be a massive step back for racial justice, and an assault on communities of color across the U.S."  Socialism is using climate change as an excuse to promote their agendas, and we just BTFO out of them.
Dam sun beat me to it
SIDE OF BEEF!
#WTF I LOVE DECENTRALIZED GOVERNMENT AND FEDERALISM NOW!
The United States of America must take its destiny into its own hands.
http://thetruesize.com check it, this will give the adjusted size.
It's so sad how I have to explain to people that this a good thing.
tabloid
Rubin would be a Jewish surname.  Not sure if she married into it or if it's her maiden name.  I've heard the position before that many Neocons are slimy liberals who switched loyalties (along with establishment Republicans).  I just wasn't sure who their loyalty really lies with.  Building democracies in the Middle East (theoretically) helps Israel.  And the military industrial complex benefits from reupping the war machine every few years.
I'm sitting here like how the fuck does this even make sense? No explanation of how it's racist, just a vague statement.  How do their brains work going from A to ® all the time?
I think we may have a based insider making those Cucks look like fools when they get the chance to.
Swipe the picture to the left.
Pittsburgh 'pede reporting in! He hasn't forgotten who put him in office!
Amen. Corrupt globalist garbage.
I wonder if any cucks actually listened to any of his words?  He explained the reasoning very well.  It makes perfect sense for America.    CANT STOP WINNING!
Right! There are bad people everywhere.
That's not the case at all, you are just pulling that out of your ass.
Like to know what dirt is on him...!
I hate advances in modern medicine sometimes.
I'm sure that could be arranged
During the Primaries I didn't like Ted, thought he was a liar, but looking back he was just trying to win. I think Ted truly thought Trump was a danger to the republican party and treated him as such and wanted to preserve the party. A lot of what Ted does and says is based af. I will most likely vote for him in the midterms, unless someone I like more runs. No longer do I see him as lying Ted.
Sorry for your feelings Paris.   This speech was sick af.  I can't contain myself.
I like this one ☝️
# DON'T YOU KNOW?? YOU NEVER GO FULL RETARD
175.2 Days for China to emit the same amount of CO2 to make the CO2 emitted by the US in the same info graphic.
I never knew that was commissioned! (You gave your client shoulders like a god, that must be your "tell".)  This one: http://imgur.com/bM40vCC
Maybe he should go back to South Africa and help his countrymen that are being genocided out of existence? No, didn't think so...
[deleted]
Ship them all to Greenland! They have no night for 6 months straight.
[removed]
I'm not sure why you're getting downvoted so much. It's time for KDC to put up or shut up. There were rumors he flipped years back and he could just be playing the disinformation game. Every time he hypes up a deadline, it passes with no new information. He never delivers. He always finds an excuse to push the deadline further back. Maybe, MAYBE he has the goods this time, but we'd be foolish to trust him after such a terrible track record.
We all breath colorless air! Unless you live in India, or China......
I mean, if you're gonna make your living in construction by turning what was once a run down shit hole of a city filled with poverty, you're probably gonna have to know how to relate to the little guy.
What a great man! Thank you all for your service.  WE HAVE THE BEST MILITARY DON'T WE FOLKS
Hopefully 3 years of red pills will help!
Nothing specifically, just woke up today and felt like being part of something great.  That or you could say I was triggered by the left... REEEEEEEEEEE
infowars.com
[deleted]
Aww.. de widdle Hillawy supporter had a widdle fit.. bring in the therapy Grizzly Bears
derr...the clean part...hhurrrr
PENS IN 4 CONFIRMED
Trump tricked the left into supporting states rights and 2nd A  The man works some miracles
I don't get any push notifications, but I unsubscribed from all the default subs long ago
was someone who doesn't pay their 'fair share' of NATO and defense mumbling again?
Lol
If China or any foreign power were to invade, the Army wouldn't  have enough Brigade combat teams (BCTs) to effectively mobilize.  Stop all the proxy wars, but cutting the military budget would just put our military in a worse spot than it's already in.  We also got to update infrastructure.  We've got facilities in use that were built during WW2.  Edit: if you think Evangelicals are outdated, you've never been to the mid-west. They tend to line up with Trump much more than the Rhinos.  They're part of the reason Trump got the Nomination.
i didn't infer pittsburgh as being 'slummish'. i was talking about shitholes like SF/L.A./chiraq. i'd pick those hellholes anyday over any european or third world city
of course
Ever read the articles? It's terrible. They bury who actually said a quote or a fact's source in the next paragraph.  It's a word slurry that's completely unpleasant to read.  I think it's either procedurally generated or they get paid per word, but most ideas can be conveyed in two paragraphs.  *the news could be like what I just typed, concise sentences, but deliberately chooses not to be*
Come to Texas.  You'll feel right as rain in no time.
You can't absorb all tbe radiation of the sun. That is impossible. Read a book or watch a documentary.  Cover the earth? Bitch civilization  doesn't even cover 1/10 of the earth's surface. You do know that right?  Also you assume that solar is never going to improve, that it never will become more efficient, that panels will never get smaller. That power delivery will never evolve either.  What are you talking about, and where the hell do you get this bullshit?
👌🏿
Nice retort, mate!  Well done!
"Our Cheif concern is that Trump makes typos"
And another 80 of transhumanist Bannon
Lagunitas and Stone are my babies lol
I was hoping he was a Pens fan (he's probably a Rangers fan) ! He is a hockey fan. He knows a good sport when he sees one :-)
This is fucking disgusting.  Not only do they omit China (who pays $0 despite being the #1 producer, about 30% of the world's emissions), Russia, and hell even Australia, the 3 other largest countries in the world that are not included on this list, but they also do not do this on a *per capita* basis.  Why don't they?  Because it plays into their narrative.  US bad.  Everyone else (that they list on their bullshit charts), at least slightly better.  But statistically speaking, if you're not comparing these types of numbers on a per capita basis, you are truly comparing apples and oranges, and no one in their right mind would ever take your argument seriously.  Add to that, we're not even dealing with the full data set (and of course, CNN's omission makes one believe the US is the top producer/emitter), and you have one big fucking flop of a comparison.
Drain the....MOAT?
[deleted]
Or even better, at the individual level. What right does any level of government have to compel me in these matters (hint : the answer rhymes with gun).
The olympics are awesome
I live in Pittsburgh, and while there is a very vocal liberal minority, this makes me so happy
Keep believing that. Who does the Dems even have that could prevent Trump from getting 350 electoral votes
Arguing against climate change is an uphill battle because we aren't scientists.  Personally I believe that climate change is happening and likely contributed to by human activity but I fully support Trump.  How can that be?  1: While we may be able say with some certainty that climate change is happening, the predictive models are utter muck so we don't know what the practical implications of that "truth" are.  2: We don't know to what extent humans contribute and there is not significant agreement on that aspect.  Without knowing to some degree of certainty how much human contribute we can have no idea how much we can "not contribute".  For instance, we could stop all fossil fuel burning tomorrow and farming and reduce the rate of climate change by only 5%, i.e. stop contributing.  5% isn't much and means climate change is only delayed and not by a lot.  In such a scenario, increased contribution (i.e. increase fossil burning) and advancement such that we can work to counter act the effects of climate change is a far better policy to pursue.  3: Like above, just because climate change might be happening and even if humans contribute a lot, doesn't mean every solution proposed by the faithful will be either A: effective or B: possible/sustainable.  The advancement of industry in the west has saved countless lives and the proposed policies in some instances are to rewind the clock on that so that some poor people in another country don't get flooded.  Well that isn't a very good deal for the poor people in this country, whose healthcare and standard of life will be reduced because of reduced economic activity.  So in the end I'd like to see action on climate change, but not punitive action.  "People didn't buy cars because the government taxed horses".  Lets get to a place where renewables and clean energy is the best energy and lets get there without making everyone poorer (i.e. Communism).
100k a year after taxes in the 1990's isn't great money. it's unbelievable money. what did he do there?
Solar alone employs twice as many people as the traditional fossil fuel sector. Wouldn't investing more in renewables in place of fossil fuels create more jobs than investing more into fossil fuels? Also, the losses due to global warming are expected to be around $2 trillion ANNUALLY by 2100, doesn't that outweigh the 10 trillion investment in the long run? I don't understand the long-term economic reasoning behind the support for this decision.
[removed]
Every important future interview needs to be separately taped by both sides ( as evidenced by Katie Couric tampering with the pauses in the interview with 2nd rights supporters.
#GO BACK TO GETTING BULLIED IN SOUTH AFRICA YOU BETA MALE CUCK
IKR?  &gt; Jake Tapper crushes Rand Paul’s lie  #WTF?!?!?!? don't think the guy watched the video....cuz Tapper got schooled
I'm a cook, you're describing stock, I do make it, stock takes 6 hours range top or 1 hr in a pressure cooker, has limited storage time, takes up a lot of room because it is made in bulk, and takes more than just the livestock by products. The Infowars product is fortified with much more than just broth for the trace mins though.   It's a great drink going to a good cause. I mean literally JUST YESTERDAY Hillary directly flat out named Infowars as a reason she lost. Doesn't that deserve support and get something good in return at the same time?
Eventually we will free the captured  Swedes,  with Odin on our side!
Confirmed time traveler yet again
Make the swamp into a lake.
WTF I love Goldman Sachs now!
Trump derangement syndrome is real
He is incredibly talented bullshitter. He has done a fantastic job  getting stock value sky high. But as Trumps says, sooner or later you got to deliver. So far he has delivered a car.  That certainly has a very strong niche appeal. But does it have more than that? With even the lower priced version?     Car fads are dangerous. First year production of the AMC Pacer was outstripped by demand. Second year was ok, not so high. Third year, cratered. All the people who wanted Pacers already bought one.   I wonder if the same is true of Tesla. Do most of the people who want a Tesla already have one? Pedes what say you? How many of you want the high priced Tesla or the lower priced one that should be coming out?
MEME MAGIC
Isn't this goofball from Canada? Shouldn't he, I dunno, fuck off?
[deleted]
He will probably OD, because he's a fucking tweaker.
POO
[deleted]
All Tapper could do was tilt his head like a sad puppy.
https://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/?toURL=https://www.forbes.com/sites/larrybell/2012/06/26/rising-tides-of-terror-will-melting-glaciers-flood-al-gores-coastal-home/&amp;refURL=https://www.google.com/&amp;referrer=https://www.google.com/
Yinzer pedes represent
I first read this as: Old *titties* being rebranded for Islamic Influence! Kek!
I second this petition
I watched the entire thing. It's hard to take it all in. George Webb is a machine! I really hope they take all this and make it more "user friendly". People ask questions here all the time that George has answered over and over. Their information needs to get out.
WTF, I hate Pittsburgh now.
# BUILD THAT COVFEFE!
I don't know about cucked, the edit may be the reason he didn't look so good on there
lol  #FUKEN  #SHITPOST  #EXTREME
All you did was make it more confusing, can you please actually explain what you're taking about in detail? The Holy Roman Empire ended in the 1800's when napoleon dismantled it.
We need wide spread monopoly law enforcement, globalism is being pushed by these mega corporations.
Yes it was
They are against EVERYTHING  Trump does.
I agree with you, I'm just disagreeing on the premise that Reagan was the greatest POTUS of all time.
I was about to take a break but decided covfefe
Obviously I understand that, but you get my point. They see every move as the end of the world, most people don't care, and we see it as a smart move, and go about our day.
That was great and to the point! There's no doubt in my mind that President Trump has only the best interest in mind of the American people.
Looks like he followed through.
Russia HACKING amirite????
Pollution in general to be honest. All the chemicals, plastics, and plethora of human waste that is dumped into rivers, streams, ground water, and oceans is a WAY bigger threat than CO2 is in the immediate future and is only getting worse every year in much of the world. Cancer rates and all kinds of other ailments are rising and it's not from CO2. Probably from the air we breath, the water we drink and bathe in, and the food we eat. I mean, what else could it really be if it's not viral, bacterial, or fungally transmitted. Lets throw billions of dollars into research that will actually save some lives.
YUP.  (er, let's not give them any ideas??!!)
There's also the fact that this not-a-treaty has only one requirement actually spelled out, and that's the $100 billion each year we have to give to poorer nations to subsidize their batteries. There are zero hard requirements or incentives or penalties for any signatory, including those who are getting the free cash.
[deleted]
DO IT KIM!
Shareblue are failures at life and work. Sad!
Idk why either..they pride themselves on excellent trash service whatever that means lol. This is their site.  https://wasteindustries.com/residential/trash
Yeb?
LOL  http://i.imgur.com/Kku9a8y.jpg  ...AND...   https://pics.onsizzle.com/malik-obama-obamamalik-dec-3-look-like-pepe-the-frog-8393923.png
Liberals are very generous with other people's jobs and other people's money..
The experts on reclaiming land.
[deleted]
So... are they all going to starve to death?
Mine was much more foul hehe.
You can't spell Hillary without liar!
He sure is precious.
fuck off
[removed]
He thought he could snowjob Donald Trump.
That would be a fair criticism. But to play devils advocate it's his fidicuary duty to maximize shareholder value and green policies like the Paris agreement are apart of that for Tesla. I don't agree with the move but I understand it from a business perspective.
posted by same person as well  edit: out of all the thousands of comments there isnt one that breaches 300 upvotes.  i looked ath the guys profile LeftHandedLunatic and he is just spamming it with hundreds of messages to help boost it in terms of activity
As a friend of the furry community, I assure you the "diet Cokes" among them (the ones who just really like animal cartoons and stories) will end up shitting on the sad few who requested this and will now make everyone who so much as watched Zootopia more than twice look like a reality-detached pervert.
The little Mexican dude is the best!
Did some trolling on worldnews and got a ban. Was worth it.
Good thing they're not allowed water during Ramadan either.   #HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
President Trump was trying to build bridges with Disney considering it's one of America's biggest and most powerful corporations.  No one exports American culture better than Disney.
Why the fuck should we handicap ourselves so some cocksuckers in china benefit and play catch up?  I wanna stay in the lead, not give it up for a fair race.  Fuck you rest of the world.
**DING DING DING....EXACTLY**. As long as [55,000 bridges in the U.S. are in need of repair](http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/15/us/structural-deficient-bridges-trnd/), the highways are full of potholes and the sidewalk in front of my house has deteriorated into dust. I don't really give a flying fuck if somebody in Africa can charge their Iphone they bought from China.
Damn right. If I want to starve to death and get black lung at the same time, no cuck in France is going to stop me.
Not really. You can only discover documents that have a reasonable likelihood of leading to the discovery of relevant evidence. O'Keefe won't be able to discover anything that isn't related to their claim of illegal recording. Just because the videos are true isn't relevant. Further, what is relevant is ultimately up to the judge. With judges these days, you can't tell how things will turn out.  Also, these fucks have had almost a year to purge any incriminating documents and people. It's not a coincidence that they waited till now to file.
Oh the member berries
[deleted]
by "friend" do you mean that you are paired up with them for some kind of charity where you spend time with people who are mentally challenged?
Well those deserts are so dern hot ya knooow?
You're disgusting. I'm glad my awareness to the fact that if I lived in the Philippines that duterte would condone my extrajudicial death makes me a pussy.  Great reasoning, are you sure you're not a Hillary supporter with that flawless logic?
Praise Kek.
Same here, and I have been voting since 96.  Only just got awoken in the Obama years to just how F-ed up things were.  Thank god for like minded people on places like T_D as well as other conservative sites.
#THATS YELLOW PRIMER
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
INFOWARS.COM
It's almost like she's a side of beef!
So good! Post again!!!!
Most everyone is very nice when we approach them without the perception that they're not.
I know but did you watch the video? OP could be doing some 4D chess
LOL
Say something, do nothing agreement that milked the US and subsidies.
[Id recognize that haircut anywhere.](https://delvanirwin.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/dentist1.jpg)
Because even if you buy completely into the manmade gllobal warming, which is shaky at best it accomplishes nothing.  It's climate stipulations are entirely non-binding for non first world countries who produce the majority of greenhouse gases.  Even then they only agreed to pointless standards.  For example china agreed to stop INCREASING CO2 levels by 2030.  In return we pay 100B a year and adopt extremely onerous regulations.
Link sends me to donation page?
#When did you start looking at /r/the_donald? Do we do a better job at getting info out quicker than GP or other big media outlets? Do you think we were a big help in electing DJT?
The WH loves up; the MSM hates us and keeps trying to keep us out. can't say too much because we have an impending lawsuit against them. Thanks for reading!!!
Your submission was removed because it is from nydailynews.com, which has been identified as a severely anti-Trump domain. Please submit a cached link or screenshot when submitting content from this domain. We recommend using http://www.archive.is for this purpose.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/The_Donald) if you have any questions or concerns.*
&gt; 18 hour fasting period.  I lol'd.  SUCKS TO BE YOU MUDSLIME!
Have you been called on by Spicy? If yes, what was the question.  If not, what topics  interest you the most and what questions will you ask? Always ask 2.  2 scoops. 2 genders.
I've got nothing against any energy form that is harnessed correctly. I think we have some of the largest coal deposits globally. would make sense to try and utilize this and a responsible fashion.
Don't forget the H
It's hard for me to give a fuck about Africans getting electricity on my tax dollar when I live out of my car and can't find stable work. If you want to go make Africa great, fucking go there.  MAGA
Liberalism is anti-Americanism.
They're children; victims of vast barbarism that they are forced to escape. We have to welcome them into the parts of the country that we don't live in, so they can suckle the teet of what will soon be a pure version of real socialism. lol xoxo
I don't give the average GOP politician that much credit.  They are basically cowardly criminals who just want their share out of the public till.  They are terrified of actually standing for anything.
[deleted]
Because POTUS said it.  Most of them don't even know what 'Climate Change' is
It's almost like you have to assimilate or something...
kek .gg/i/3bbHm2.jpg
The sun also sets on a puddle of mud every night, or so said Muhammad.
u wot m8?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Used Cars
If you are missing any pieces, **DO NOT TAKE IT BACK TO THE STORE YOU BOUGHT IT FROM**   Call 1-800-COV-FEFE
Does she know 120 million people?
i agree Centipede
And they won't have to rely on voting for democrats for constant handouts.
He did this days ago.... Then he went on the run.... And.... I don't know....
#Thanks for doing the AMA, love you &amp; the TGP's work!
Except this isn't even about global warming. It's a feel good measure meant to further global socialism.
Epic, typical cheapskate Swedish IKEA. Consistently packaging a single hex tool, slowing down our workforce.  Well done OP.
**PLASTIC TARP**
Because it isn't very good at insulating from convective heat transfer. It would be just slightly better than air. CO2 works as a green house gas by absorbing and emitting heat radiation that would be otherwise emitted into space.
My advice: Turn that shit off in settings.
##RACISS
[removed]
I'll just stick to that little snippet. I don't want anything ruining that for me
Wow. What a question. Your synisism is well placed, the answer more nuanced.  The Leaf costs $12000 (Canadian money) to replace the batteries. Plus a $4000 recycle fee.  The Tesla replacement battery figures I found said that the "factory cost" from when the vehicle was first produced was $45000. A huge portion of the production price. The Batterie replacement at present, (Im remembering these #' s, feel free to correct) was close to $22000, but with a recycling credit from the currently owned batteries of $8000.  But then consider that nobody knows how long a Tesla battery lasts. Some of the old owns weren't wonderful. Now (some of) the debate is whether they last 14 or 20 years.  And at 1% or less lose of capacity per year, a 300 mile range is still a stagaring 240 mile as long as the battery keeps working. Some university professor in Montreal is putting the battery through a series of cycles and test and it hasn't died yet. Whether you get a quarter million or a half million miles between battery replacement (and say 80-85% capacity) Is up for debate. Then they get recycled into the next generation. Elon is really pushing us to the future.   Then understand there are few parts to replace.   You save $1000 a year in maintenance and spend $1000 A year in batteries.   Every mile you drive is 1/2 to 1/3 the cost in electricity of gasoline.  The initial outlay of funds is the problem for most, $70,000. But a Tesla holds its value well enough that even depreciation is well priced.
What a big fat baby Elon is! If everybody doesn't do it his way he's just quits! This tells me he really doesn't care about the environmental changes. He just want globalization!
It's actually going to rape any mexicans that try to climb it Along with their goats
That's not a pronoun, that's a fake word
Lock him up in LA County jail for 2 weeks and see if he still feels that way .
Right? I'm far more worried (not at all) about our Sun becoming volatile and sending out rapid flares destroying our electrical systems and atmosphere eradicating humanity instantly than I am about our 'oceans rising' before humans develops space travel en-masse.
He quit being relevant after he birthed himself out of an animatronic rhino's ass.
Anybody can file anything and the courts accept the filing...it has no value judgment...until it meets the smell test...if it doesn't meet the smell test it'll get tossed...it will be a matter of time
Wondered where Arte Johnson from Laugh In went.
#WAR
Oh dear. This won't be pretty.
They can throw their money and jobs away as the please. I'm sure neighboring cities would be happy to take them.  (I doubt Pittsburgh actually does anything here, just want political points)
Not at all, they high-fived him. They're all part of the same propaganda machine.
[deleted]
Exactly. Moonlanding was a complete and *huge* waste of money, incentivizing flabby firms making things no one will willingly pay the cost to make it.  Corporate welfare weakens American firms makes and them fat and dependent. I want American firms that are lean and mean and will eat the lunch of competitors whose governments make *them* fat and dependent.
Looks like a duck, walks like a duck....
/r/outoftheloop Why is leaving the PCA a good thing?
Are you gonna do more art projects fam?
We can add solarphobe to the list of traits to describe Deplorables. Now, we're xenophobic, Islamophobic, solarphobic, misogynistic, homophobic, racist, sexist, bigoted Deplorables. This list is growing at a rapid rate!
THIS is how you end up with your career in the toilet just like Kathy no more squatty potty Griffith.
I happen to be a scientist. But, I didn't vote for a scientist. I voted for a businessman who promised to leave the Paris Climate Accord.
Best Covfefe meme by far!
most kekkiest of tops
I beg to differ
[deleted]
Yes, you can. But if you want to start with nuclear power right now to supply all the power in the world, it will take 30 years just to make the stuff to do it.  You can do it with solar and wind as well. It just takes a long time.
Win Win
Nah, shes old enough that she likely doesn't have periods, period.
**THE**
How does handing out tax money to foreign nations and mega corporations help the people of color here?
It sends billions of dollars that could be circulating in our economy to undeveloped nations at the extra cost of job losses in the US. The majority of republicans in DC are happy and on board with Trump finally for protecting the American worker and not sending anymore money we don't have over to countries that we owe nothing to. Yes renewables will boom and will be the future. Until then we want the American worker to keep their current energy jobs until that happens instead of more offshoring of jobs and more American workers on unemployment. It was a bad deal. Not that Trump is a climate denier, which he is no longer anyways... or doesn't want renewables... it was simply a bad deal that will hurt the interest of Americans. Trump is doing exactly what we elected him for. To protect the interest of the American workers and demand a better deal. If not then they can count us out. The other countries can pick up the slack and send billions in energy to developing nations for once.
awwwwwwwwwwwww  wah, he's going to have to use other funds stolen from the taxpayers to pay for his new house
CNN BREAKING: Lucian Wintroch of Gateway Pundit confirms that the White House loves "up". Is "up" a new designer drug that the President is taking?
Ouch
[deleted]
I was on the fence about you being a performance artist or legit, only took 60 seconds (in your comment history) to reach a conclusion though.  #DEPORTED
I'm sure the MSM will be covering the Russian dressing on salads at Trump resorts when dems get arrested.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA you made my day
Was this before or after we started pulling all the carbon out of the ground and back into circulation?
What went down with Malia in da club? How did you feel in that situation and how did she randomly recognize you to start up in the first place? She had to have been led on by someone right?
I don't even sub to either of them
Bye bye douche bag!!
So we might see the end of Tesla?
I went to a nice Southern conservative Christian don't-you-dare-fuck-around-or-we'll-kick-you-out college
**WE NEED TO HARVEST THOSE BRICKS!**
I grew up in the '70's and we are all supposed to be dead by now.
Why the hell should the UK pay more than Germany? Another scam.
**FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET THIS PATRIOT A BRICK! THAT'S 62932 BRICKS HANDED OUT!**  We are at **10.4853630728%** of our goal to **BUILD THE WALL** starting from Imperial Beach, CA to Brownsville, Texas! Lets make sure everyone gets a brick in the United States! For every Centipede a brick, for every brick a Centipede!  At this rate, the wall will be **733.802835872 MILES WIDE** and **325.714203887 FEET HIGH** by tomorrow! **DO YOUR PART!**
It's likely you'll find things you enjoy doing that may or may not make money. It doesn't mean you have to sit in a chair. If you start saving now, you WILL make enough when you're retired. Start putting money in a Roth IRA.
But a humble magician, tending to his spells.
[deleted]
Me too! First time voting for POTUS at my new precinct. Talked to a guy in line who had lived here over 30 years and he said it was the longest he's ever seen the line to vote
I commented maybe once or twice, but its been months.
[removed]
Ted Cruz is wicked smart. He will be President at some point in the future. Whether he's authentic or calculated, it's impressive either way.
This is by far one of the top five shitposts of all time!
Re: MSM : "They are all on the same Slack"  Can you get mer login credentials? I'll only lurk, I promise (I won't).
I assume it's because you're not a blue-haired pierced-nose trigglypuff.
Must go higher
Deport
Amen!
He is!
These guys are so stupid.    We disagree so let's give up outlets seat at the table so our voices become more irrelevant!!
Cövfefe&lt;-------------This one
This is the perfect time to arrest Hillary
[deleted]
We will all be under water in 48 hours guys. The US being in that agreement was the ONLY thing from keeping the entire world from flooding rapidly
[Sauce](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6en5ix/holy_crap_i_just_realized_that_hillary_blamed_her/dic6ryr/)
[deleted]
[deleted]
LION TED
We aren't climate change deniers.  We just believe the human impact on climate change is so small that putting 100 trillion dollars towards it trying to 'stop' a natural occurrence is futile.  Using the U.N's model, this deal by 2100 will have only reduced the heat of the world by 3 tenths of one degree Celsius. Look it up and understand why the U.S has no business being in it at the current terms.
End subsidies for all this green technology. It's mostly a giveaway for rich people anyway.
[removed]
I 1000% agree with you. I member the one and two in the morning rallys there at the end. I believe the dems knew way before election night that they would lose and started damage control. FFS all the money they took in and the bitch canceled the fireworks. And all I heard was DONALD TRUMP wins.... he pulls it off in...a close one but TRUMP declared the winner in... DONALD TRUMP is the 45th Presidwnt of the USA...complicated business folks (3am) sorry to keep you waiting. And REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ever since then. GOD I LOVE THIS COUNTRY!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'll give him 1/2 credit for this. He still wants to continue subsides and wants the government to provide incentives for fossil fuels.   Let the free market reign.
why is this guy getting downvoted?...shill alert. Have an upvote, PEDE!
Amen
And we are getting vilified by the entire world right now undoubtedly. But I hope they still feel this way when they have to file for their taxes.
No offense, but you're a fool if you think the Paris Accord was actually about combating climate change.
Buy low so you don't go froak?
[deleted]
emotional outbursts like this use up a small amount of ones manhood each time.     thats probably what will "GYRPERDIZE his children's futuREEEEEEEEE"
I got to vote for Rand and Trump on the same ballot. What a day that was.   # So much winning
You Americans have such huuuge penis
I know. I found the setting after it started showing me shit from /r/[redacted]. Hell no.
Where are those ISIS coming from? Are they  native phillopinos or Arabs?
I'd like to see a full accounting off all funds paid by the US to the Paris Accord Treaty directors.  I'd like to see how cash can affect global warming and how the different races of the world are being discriminated against by NOT throwing cash at them.
Uh oh!! Shills downvoted you to 0   (here have an upTrump)
Look how much younger he looked back then! &lt;3
Man, quite literally, climate change has no solid proof to it whatsoever.
Only the finest of kek's for this one. HOLY CRAP
[deleted]
He is my senator.  Wish the other one wasn't.  Win some lose some.
how is pulling out of the deal putting us first? not trying to argue either way, genuinely curious.
[deleted]
Spring cleaning of course.
You always know what govt bills do if you look at their names; it's always the opposite of it's intended outcome.
Space ISIS
[Kay](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/sprmn.gif)
ooooh. i didnt expect OC!   is he one of the top dogs of the company?   perhaps archive loads of tweets / status which are outrageous then dump them all in one go on /pol/ first.  then the_donald.  (safety precaution)  and remove any identifiable info from your post history.
My brown Indian neighbor who makes 400 grand a year as a DB admin is just as oppressed by this brown skin legislation as any inner city black.
[deleted]
"LEXINGTON, Ky. (WKYT) - Fayette County school leaders announced Tuesday night that the mascot of the new Frederick Douglass High School will no longer be the Stallions."    No, wait, you're kidding, right? 'Stallions' is *sexist,* but 'Frederick Douglass High School' ***isn't?***  #WTF
Well that's what happens when you live 10 feet below sea level next too the SEA. FOR FUCK SAKES. I still have my 2004 issue of popular mechanics that expressly explained exactly what would happen if a cat 5 hit New Orleans
"Never the less, I take all of these slings and arrows, gladly, for you. I take them for our movement"
Sounds like sedition to me. Next time he's in the US arrest him. Public execution. Send his head back to the EU.
How much longer can coal last?
Ah, thank you
Live in Allegheny county too. Can confirm
Yeah, I know lol. Funny how my initial comment went from 70 upvotes down back again to 13. kek.
Trees are carbon neutral. Bury them,  plant them, burn them, doesn't matter. It's a net zero. Pro tip, more atmospheric CO2 means plants use water more efficiently. The trees are finally no longer suffocating.
French living in the US, very embarrassed when I realized how great this country is. And I've been living in the most liberal cities. Still #notallFrenchtoo
lmao all these liberals are so pathetic
[deleted]
Guys this is fake news, did you see her apology it was so honest and heartfelt this is just Russian trying to make democrats look bad. No way she didn't mean it! Edit: Could this be the work of the nefarious Nigel? They just announced today that he is 100% a Russian spy, for Assange and the Atlantians planning their rise from the see to take out Hillary.
[deleted]
How does one get the Orcpost flair? Wanted to orcpost one I just posted to T_D but couldn't find it
Fuck. The. Cucks.
I would marry this gangly bitch and name my kids Ann Coulter.
Anonymous Source: Grima Wormtongue was stabbed by Saruman.  A source familiar with the story confirms this.
This post is 17 minutes old and already only 75% upvoted.
senator andy manar  Of course he isn't running though...
Dinner sucks when the guy picking up the tab doesn't show up.
I... I think this may be it. I think *this* might finally be the end of Trump's campaign!
arent his tax exemptions running out? [first 200,000](http://money.cnn.com/2016/04/06/autos/tesla-model-3-tax-credit/)  wondering if he was hoping the paris deal would be a way to bring back the incentive
[deleted]
Hahaha hahahahah fucking hilarious,  hopefully all their lawyers survive the lawsuit   http://imgur.com/yAUOOFU
Because this Deal is all about taking out the US and taking over in a Neofeudal rule by the Ruling Oligarchy. It was meant to kill Capitalism so say's the Woman charged with its implementation  “This is the first time in the history of mankind that we are setting ourselves the task of intentionally, within a defined period of time, to change the economic development model that has been reigning for at least 150 years, since the Industrial Revolution,”  Christina  Figueres   We the farm animals of the world were meant to all be equal in our inequality  no matter what country we were from..but some of the Pigs would be more Equal. And if the US doesn't submit to the lowered standard of living that makes us Racist for not wanting live like we are third world peoples...you here it often now if everyone in the World lived like Americans we wouldn't have enough resources in a short few years....so of course the only   equal thing to do is reduce everyone...except the more Equal Pigs of course.
I can't get the sound of that deep disguised "okie dokie" out of my head
Its not a flair preset. Yet..
And call it the Pittsburgh Agreement.
Russia too?   I would have thought it would make Russia happy to see the globalists defunded?
Somebody call the FBI!  I have clear evidence that u/crwendorff is colluding with Ladimir Wewtin directly!  In peach! In peach! In peach
Daddy will build us a wall. Just be patient.
They were probably referring to the billions that the US would "give" to warlords to continue killing opponents with machete's and machine guns. It's worked so well in the past. Warlords get rich, poor still suffer, but hey! we destroyed your agriculture with all the free food!  add in carbon credits and... CRISIS AVERTED!  The path to hell is paved with good intentendies.
¡Teodoro León!
I swear, these people are insane. They're acting as if President Trump just executed the head of the EPA live on television this afternoon.   All we did was back out of a deal that forced our taxpayers to buy Tesla's for the warlords of countries that hate us.   Meanwhile not a peep out of anyone these past years while this Agreement was in effect at China, India, Middle Eastern shit holes, and others actively doing nothing (relatively) to curb their environmental impact.   Not. A. Peep. Yet today everyone becomes a staunch environmentalist.
I used prankdial before  I could literally make it say someone's number.   Telemarketers do that shit too  Be careful
Let me go on record as recommending that ALL 16 remaining democrat governors send billions of dollars of their state taxpayer dollars to foreign countries each year as part of the Paris Accord.   I'm sure those countries will be very appreciative.
The Cuckfederate States of America
[deleted]
Bye, Elon.  Met him a few times.  Loves the idea of going to Mars.  Hasn't solved one of the scientific obstacles to doing so.  I look forward to him being on the first ship there.  The only thing I can guarantee is the first transmission back to Earth: "Elon here, HELP!!!!!!"
we should empty out our prisons, sweep-out all the welfare recipients, and ship them to france
Council on foreign relations.   Baddie alert ^
He crawled waaaaay back into his safe space in the back of the cave a few weeks ago. Probably won't be hearing from him for a while.
Our God Emperor is kind.
Please, i gotta know, please, someone...  explain  this  to  me...?
And IQ
ahahaha CRIME SCENE. somebody needs to barricade that with police tape!!!
that makes sense, I was impressed by the uniformity.   Who knew concrete could look so good, damn!
[removed]
they're just hoping that some unproven guy with a lousy track-record (hasn't he lost two dragon cargo capsule ships within the last two years or so? he really wants us to trust that he'll do better than NASA?) will beat someone with an incredible record like NASA. i have no problem off-sourcing contracts to third parties, but i sure as fuck trust boeing and lockheed martin to build spaceships and rockets over fucking elon musk!
Buh bye you shitter.
Dude move the fuck outta there. Florida has no state income tax and you can find an area where there are no libcucks.
BUT THE RUSSIAN CO2s ARE GOING TO COME AND KILL MY CHILDREN!!
How many solar panels per $billion has Solyndra made?
Nah, they worship a pedophile who killed anyone who didn't believe that his delusions were messages from god
It is a spectrum,
So good I sent it to Facebook for the normies.
[removed]
factoidtussles.net
[removed]
All part of her 'master plan', such as it was... If the joke was not received will, s he drops the fake news apology S goes with the victim routine. Pure BS.
Idiot, otherwise known as liberal
Someone could have made it show her number folks.. let's not jump on this too hard
And yet all of you loved it when he joined the council. The minute he disagrees with your dictator you all get upset
1) build a wall  2) fuck over the Rothschilds by PAYING BACK OUR DEBT
Professional victim.  The cuckery on the left has gone too far. They are corrupt through and through. You're not a victim Kathy, you're a whiny privileged snowflake who thinks nobody is allowed to defy your totalitarian safe space, just like nearly every remaining leftist today.
Bye Elon
[deleted]
seems very facebook-like
This could very well be the best thread yet!
He's still sinking his face into a bowl of cheese puffs at the moment.
She also blamed machine learning. No really.
he thought he could be nice and they would stop using their time machines to ruin america. play time is over.
Are you an agent as well?  Thank you for your service patriot!!! 🇺🇸
Hopefully this causes my company to open in TX so I can get the fuck out of here
Then the yurofags came out and said there would be no negotiation. So we're out. Like out out.
Lots of good ideas here.
if you kill the paris agreement, you win.
[deleted]
Bitches.  They are always like this.
[removed]
http://img1.r10.io/PIC/106524051/0/1/500/106524051.jpg
The US has done a ton of R&amp;D for clean energy. Idk what more they want us to do.   "Thank you US for developing all of these clean energies! Now can you build a ton of these energies in Africa while completely ignoring your own country?"
# PITTSBURGH , NOT PARIS
I'm so proud of President Trump!!!!
Haha these are the people that the left thinks should run the country
Two days before Election Day. Wasn't mitt trying to close a deal in a parking garage while the country was at stake? I'm so glad we got our god emperor into office. Clearly he's shown he's committed to all campaign promises and will not compromise our nations sovereignty under any circumstances.
I like that quote. Is it yours or did you get it from somewhere?
It's a joke from when the Admins told us that we couldn't link to the politics subreddit.
Good thing China vowed to proceed with their agreement.
Clients huh? Fake Internet points... You got it jumping off!
Horseface BTFO
As much as I'd like Peduto and his silly bike lanes downtown to go, the Dems have ran Pittsburgh continuously since the 1930s.... Someone else from the Democratic Machine would have to rise up and take his place.
I think basically calling them deadbeat parasites on NATO funding was pretty ballsy...
As you sow, so shall you reap
Why do you want America to become energy independent anyways? America will always need to trade with other countries unless its economy becomes agrarian.
article on it http://ibankcoin.com/zeropointnow/2017/06/01/debbie-wasserman-schultz-uses-voice-changer-to-call-law-firm-suing-dnc-forgets-to-disable-caller-id/
**Exchange-O-Gram**
Because God is real, cuck.
[removed]
They will all be sanctuary cities too.
Problem user!  It's ok this is reddit really. Most active sub 0.0 yes I said it ask Reddit :)
We were graced with Covfefe this week, after all! Too much goddamn winning. Only thing that would top it would be some high profile firings of the traitorous leakers in the administration.
[ Select ] Start 👌2 Players Trump/Pence
Redeemable Ted...
It will increase the numbers of poor people.  Success is hard and when you make poverty more comfortable, many will choose easy poverty.  It will also steal the future of many bright kids who take the easy route.
Draining the swamp, one inch at a time.
bankruptcy incoming - his business model relies on heavy government intervention. Take it away and watch the house of cards fall.
[removed]
Seriously - what conditions or requirements from the paris agreement require money? I thought it was an agreement that meant a self-imposed restriction. Something you'd make deals with manufacturers about?
Denethor: "My sons are spent. My line has ended. Rohan has deserted us. Theoden's betrayed me. Abandon your posts! Flee, flee for your lives!"  #Gandalf: Prepare for battle!
Peduto should start a Go Fund Me Page!!!
Don't go giving them ideas. They're going to campaign on this next election instead of attacking the order.
They got such a hard on for CO2. Why can't they focus on real pollutants? Rhetorical question of course.
[deleted]
[deleted]
My company's CEO has one. No one else in the whole company has that kind of money. We just drive normal cars.
[removed]
If you are listening to George Webb, he implies that two of their guys warned them there was a plot to kill Seth Rich......... and since they were the ones doing it they ousted them. This dude is unraveling stuff faster than pol can find Shia Lebeef.
It was, but we know he's an alpha. They are projecting as usual.
Rowdy Gowdy is like a bald eagle targeting it's prey.  I hope he shreds them all.
#IT'S FUCKING REEEEEEEEEEAL!
[removed]
Would you happen to have a link to a copy of the paper? I'd love to look over it myself.
He is totally irrelevant to the Trump Admin and always was. All he cares about is SpaceX and expensive hippy cars for California.
LNC EARLY! ENERGY SO HIGH COULDN'T WAIT!  LIBS TRYING TO INSTALL CUCKBON CREDITS TO SKIM KARMA FROM ALL THIS AWESOME!
Aragorn is not my king, I didn't vote for him, Denethor had the popular vote, voter fraud don't real, undocumented uruk-hai don't vote well ok sometimes they do but not in large enough numbers to effect the election don't look into it just trust us, sarumon says all faithful should accept goblin refugees, #orclivesmatter
No, and stop calling me Shirley!
don jr is probably runnin the family biz, building giant golden towers.
Yea and...........
Will this Kekwave be capable of heating my burritos without leaving them ice cold in the center?
I don't think anyone here is disputing that fact.
They still see us as economic rivals. Not enemies but rivals.
No one on the left knows what rebar is...
why the fuck do countries in west africa and the rest of africa get to take your and my tax dollars when they barely have any cars to begin with? why the fuck are we funding solar panels powering asian and african dictators' mansions? fucking spend that money in AMERICA!
[removed]
&gt;This level is disinformation should be illegal.   Something really should be done. Really would love to see some prosecutions of these treasonous, lying insurrectionists.
President Trump just tweeted: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
That black box they're trying to figure out looks like an old camera. The top circle is the peephole.
Link to prove its legit? I'd love to facefuck my liberal friends with this.
Can someone please get that Borat looking mother fucker off of Twitter? All he does is shit talk our president in the comments.
Yea right...i just had to go and drop my 2 cents and Fuck those assholes...!
And we did it for free.
The X Files  Roseanne (even though it's just a best of bullshit collection)
 Amen! I can say, I've always like Cruz. People can say what they want but he represents the will of Texans. Just like it governor. I know both of them will go along with things they aren't really fond of if its something their constituents  are demanding. Sadly that send to be a rare quality amongst politicians these days.
[deleted]
 So you must be a globalist?  One world governance via authoritarianism is your vision for the planet?  Shill
Right? The whole time this Mars discussion has been going on, I'm all like ya'll realize not a single astronaut will survive right? Most people are just like yeah, let's go to Mars! While not even considering it would be a one-way trip. Some people are crazy enough to try it regardless. Blows my mind.
#BILL NYE IS A LYIN-TIST!!!
https://airvisual.com/earth  Look at chinas Air Quality Index.
Dunno. Let me check with my Russian/Macedonian masters.
But I do not believe climate change to be relevant. Neither do I believe that this arrangement could stop climate change. What I do believe is that it will bring millions of people sooner into their graves. I see no reason to support this, the whole enterprise strikes me as insane.
[deleted]
This is the funniest thing I have read all fucking day.
Yeah I wasn't sure what to call them, whoever decides how to allocate spending
Are you trying to make a point?
Say it with me folks...  M-E-N-T-A-L      G-Y-M-N-A-S-T-I-C-S
He must be a HVAC technician, don't debate him about air conditioning units.
[deleted]
I had a Bernie supporter tell me my 401k would be confiscated once the national retirement plan goes into effect.
WE ALSO NEED TO MAKE AMERICA WEALTHY AGAIN... AND PEOPLE TELL ME... MR. TRUMP, PLEASE DON'T SAY THAT. AND I GO NO, WE NEED TO BECOME WEALTHY AGAIN,
Agreed x10000000. Election night was by far one the best memories of the past year. We knew it was gonna happen!
did actual research in environmental science here. The main issue with global warming is rising sea levels. Water thermally expands. Melting polar ice also contributes to this. Coastal regions could potentially be harmed if sea levels continue to rise over the next 50 years. Nothing immediate. In other words, liberals will lose their geographical voting base.
I'm not saying that by them merely using the argument to send it to court that that would set a precedent. It's only if the travel ban is deemed unconstitutional by SCOTUS because of what Trump said while campaigning (despite the immigration law not even mentioning religion as something that can't be discriminated against). The travel ban case would lay the precedent for a new case against Obamacare with a different framework if and only if the travel ban case ruled against Trump. Even if they already ruled in favor of the mandate, if they use the new case as a precedent and a different argument, particularly the one from the travel ban case, then it's possible to go to SCOTUS.
I will give her credit, she basically disavowed that Kathy Griffith shit  I was like hmm..
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
I think surrounding yourself with others who believe what you believe is how you create a movement.  It's how we elected Trump.
[removed]
I'll have a white russian please
The accord is essentially a tax. Are three states going to collect more state taxes to cover 50 states of commitment when they already have defunct pensions? Seems unlikely.
Why are all my Hollywood crushes turning out to be TOOLS? Travolta, Di Capprio, Depp??? Only Vince Vaughn has stood the test of time! 👍
'Female Uruk Grimrot Dwarfsmasher' Lmfao
He did, great note.
[deleted]
I see many based articles from DailyMail. Can someone confirm that daily mail is a based outlet?
😍😍🇺🇸💯thanks!!
So... Like what we have now?
Good have fun guys
Thanks!
Yup, happened to me too. I had typed out a reply to one of their posts, but then decided against posting it. ( I didn't want to be yelled at by feminists on the internet, basically)that action alone was enough for the boys to see me and ban me
good point  http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-36130346
Masochists.  They are begging to be punished.
Air Quality Index of the entire world, put into a heat map.  Look at how disgusting China is, almost none of the country is healthy to live in.  https://airvisual.com/earth
Satan called. Bullshits he says. Demons have more honor than that bitch. 😈👹👺👿
four bricks!
i'm excited as fuck about going to the moon. even just a moon orbital space station by 2030 would make me excited as hell. would have incredible views and 'mooncams' like we do with the ISS except it's the fucking moon! could send short duration stays onto the moon apollo-style for 4-5 days at a time too from the orbiting station once per month or so if they don't want to build a permanent lunar outpost on the surface. also the delay in communications would be 1 or 2 seconds, not the 12 or 13 minutes like from mars.
Lol!!
Oh boy this is not going to end well for her. DAMN YOU DUMB
photoshop that 'just fuck my shit up' haircut on france
[deleted]
We have the best fucking memes on reddit folks
Recycling is a frickn' racket.  You pay money each month so they can take your plastics in separate truck to the same facility for recycling.  When they actaully recycle the crap, only 10% of it is actually useable.  And on top of that, it costs way more than it saves.  But it's "green" so people are fine paying for it.
And when people largely ignore you when you're being an idiot, it doesn't have the shock value, so people do that less here.
Environmental pollution has nothing to do with climate change.
[removed]
Lolwut
I'm telling you guys, they have gone off the deep end.
Shit, the weather channel already lies about the weather, they need something else?!
[removed]
#THEY ALWAYS WILL BE
Then that would mean staying in it would be racist towards white people.  #Liberal-Illogic
But muh subliminal penises :/
#Yes
sounds kinda terroristy
[removed]
&gt;Fucking Orange Faggot  wait I thought the left were against homophobic slurs and insulting people based on their bedroom preferences? oh shit I just remembered pulse...the left hates gays
yes it is.  that's where i found it
Merkel comes up for election on [September 24, 2017](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_federal_election,_2017).  Let's see if Merkel stays in power or if the German people have had enough of her.
Me too! Downvote me too! DROP A MOAB TOO
It's nothing
No way
Lolololololololol wut?
[deleted]
Ron Paul is on the fringe of the fringe.
He's going to get the EU to invade Poland and/or Hungary in the not too distant future, and the US and UK are going to have to help them. I'm calling it now. He's setting the stage for it.
##Some brave patriot has called in a **MOAB** strike! God Emperor ***Trump*** lays waste to your opponent! That's **32,054,400** pounds of **FREEDOM** dropped so far! Thanks to the efforts of supporters like you, ISIS is now ***WASWAS***!
GO RAND GO!!!
I agree that it's a shit headline, specifically because the word plea makes it sound quite low energy, but don't you know that his name was Seth Rich
Lmao. Well done Pede.
Apparently only white people benefit from a strong economy and more jobs. Who knew?
I really hope the Supreme Court rules it being constitutional so we (and other countries) can see if a travel ban is an effective means at keeping terrorists out
how the mighty have fallen..like the Nazis looked at the Nuremberg Trials without their uniforms...what a pissant crew.
MY BLACKWIDOW'S BACKLIGHT IS TURNING RED WITH ALL THE SPICE AND IT ISN'T RGB!   #MAGA
Cya!
Yep, this is what an improving economy looks like and not the stagnation from the Obama years.
It baffles me that people tout the opinion of Angela Merkel as the end all be all. The woman has shown her decision making ability is questionable at best as she continues to destroy her country. Why do so many WANT to be cucks?!
Bernie donors sued the DNC for favoring Hillary in the primary. The DNC's defense is that they have no obligation to provide their party members with a fair and unbiased primary.
Anyone else having the video cut out?
I'm glad. As brilliant his rockets are, he's misguided in his over-emphasis on solar energy, at the expense of other energy sources that have greater potential. I didn't want him misguiding the President.
New Seth rich data  https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6eru5g/pedes_get_in_here_george_webb_got_seth_rich_files/
My adopted county of Washington voted for him!
First the meme war and now this.   Best timeline?
ramen-noodle wet-dog hair strikes again!
"Here's the details"? Really?? Some genius she hired there, huh?
Low troll attempt
GODDAMN I LOVE DON.  BUT I DO HATE THESE GLOBALISTS PLAYING ON OUR FRIENDS EMOTIONS ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENT.
Clever. Thanks. It is working on downloading right now to my hard drive.
beautiful.
"weaponized information"  You mean the Truth, Hilldog?
Well.....Hillary was their gal, soooo.....
Hear hear my good sir!
I could believe 14% but I mean.. we're kinda cheating that number at the expense of our own economy, we don't really have a ton of high emission factories here, you know? As opposed to China where just breathing the air in some cities is apparently equivalent to a pack (or two) a day cigarette habit.    Then again I'm not convinced that *environmental* regulations are the main reason there aren't a lot of factories left in the US.. labor/safety regulations are probably more of a factor.
Dudes a fucking larper.   he just gave up his kids names, and their schools and the schools and kids names of his "informant" to make small talk while drinking wine while pretending to share secret shte hric files with Kimdotcom who is "messaging" the informant now and then and is "happy". Fuck this is a retardo reality show.
MEGA.NZ LINK: https://mega.nz/#!QS4F3DSI!7eHPdx_YrhF8U8W4Xwb4DhFldDh8rQ1RyBhAb4L4E2M
But but even 0.2 higher would cause massive floods and earthquakes. DascienceisThere!!$
Possible problem, I thought Guccifer 2.0 was a distraction and this filename matches the one from that announcement around 12/2016 - look at the torrent name between the encrypted looking part and the message part - "Password is (GuCCif3r_2.0) Case sensitive! Torrent: ...send?btih=ED9C54D8CE543F9A45D180FD58B4C56CF2A3FC1E&amp;dn=7dc58-ngp-van.7z&amp;message=&amp;sid=4&amp;cid=9429331025"  Spez - removed the first part of the link because I don't specifically recall all details of the policy on that in here and don't wanna violate that
The file list looks familiar to me - like I've seen it before.
Is this guy drunk and trying to get into Trish's pants?  What are they claiming are in the files?
My enemas are covfefe infused.
[removed]
 https://mega.nz/#!x2A1RIhR!9lz48CG-TjVJFM2NzMGfQHIy-BiJDSUpv9MYyBrduP4  backup link to files
[deleted]
She's a liberal Democrat.   She believes in entitlement handouts and carbon taxes.
&gt;Okey dokey  Hahahahaha that's the icing on the cake right there.
Great article - I had completely missed this. Thank you for posting!
I have a hard time picturing the God Emperor pleading for anything. Stupid headline.
[removed]
Heavily suppressed. A lot of people still don't know how close he is to solving this whole thing
 https://mega.nz/#!x2A1RIhR!9lz48CG-TjVJFM2NzMGfQHIy-BiJDSUpv9MYyBrduP4
Ryan is the enemy.
https://mega.nz/#!4WgViKYQ!cUsyZsJOSn2PCqMRncgvDQrILaBB02TfyR2FP-OGXdw
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT !!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
It was around January 23 when I started liking Trump more than I ever liked Reagan. The bar is *really* high there; that's why it took three whole days.
Yeah, hopefully they shut that shit down. The policy does not do anything to strengthen our military or give us an advantage in any way, especially considering that the transgender population is so miniscule. The military shouldn't be a place to get warm fuzzy feelings of acceptance. It's for our national fucking security.  You want to serve? Grow your balls or tits back, stop playing fairytales.  It's just overhead for nothing. Screw that.
I heard some join the military so they can get a free sex change.
H O N E Y P O T  O  N  E  Y  P  O  T
Is there any truth to this?  The tweet seems far-fetched. I'm sure they use it for leverage over the US, but did they invent it?
Precisely 9pm on June 1.    Sharp.
Fucking magnets. How do they work?
Can we get a fact check on the fly?
Hell yes 😆
That overly simplifies the situation. There are people that do not vote out of self-interest. And they are often exploited by morally corrupt individuals.  The more morally-corrupt the individual, the more they are willing to exploit altruists.  (see "my wife's boyfriend liberals" voting for hillary)
[deleted]
It's bullshit that any president could enter an agreement like that without congressional approval.
https://mega.nz/#!QS4F3DSI!7eHPdx_YrhF8U8W4Xwb4DhFldDh8rQ1RyBhAb4L4E2M  Folder Contents: https://pastebin.com/PL3hm2LP  Edit: Suspicious .. this is VERY similar to a file on this thread from 8 months ago https://www.reddit.com/r/DNCleaks/comments/52ksky/guccifer_20_just_released_600mb_of_new_internal/  Thoughts Pedes? Did we just get blue-balled again?
These fools couldn't order drivethru without fucking up.
The Macedonian content farms must be working overtime tonight!
This entire blog is essential, but check out the reference pages:  https://wattsupwiththat.com/reference-pages/
Lmao TOP COVFEFE MY FELLOW HUMAN BEING
my micron stock   up up up
Those comments gave me cancer.
[deleted]
This thread had it happen today and has since been removed from what I can tell.  https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6elxhi/since_i_got_heavily_downvoted_the_last_two_times/
[deleted]
[removed]
##**SHARIABLUE CAN GO GET FUCKED 🐐🥓**
Downvote this if you kiss your sisters butthole. Upvote this if you love Trump.
We love our truckers. Thanks for being such a vital cog in America.
[deleted]
It looks like it is just the Guccifer2 files that were released last September or whenever. Wtf?
I know it's low quality screen shot perhaps someone can cross post it better than I.
No joke. Only PRESIDENT in my lifetime I would care to meet, only PRESIDENT in my life I would like to hear his real opinions, only PRESIDENT of the United States of America.
Woah woah woah, hold on, what about MUH RUSSIA!!!??????
I'd rather be the person who jacks off all day
Global warming is a scam nonetheless.
only if they're ill tempered
POSSIBLY.  Choose carefully, Cannuka-pede.  The wrong mate can cost you everything.  Remember kids will tie you for life, no matter what the divorce papers say.
I listen to the Hoteps, not the ACLU or SPLC.
Wait, are you implying Planned Parenthood hires terminators?
It was on Facebook on Standard Memes
I'm just going off what the PNP is saying.
[deleted]
If Rand Paul agrees, IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO!
Hijacking top comment to tell everyone that the top post on reddit right now is a thread from r/science and nearly EVERY TOP COMMENT THREAD is people saying "wait I just read into this and it seems like this deal is totally fucked up. Why is this had again?"  THE RED PILLS ARE FLYING OFF THE SHELVES
As much as I would love for this to be real, keep in mind Kim constantly hypes us up and lets us down. Hoping something is there!
Man, he had a good justification to stick around months ago, I can't believe he still got enough backlash to pull out of trying to advise.. And we're out of the agreement just to renegotiate it, right? Shouldn't he want a hand in that?
They can pound sand while we move on.
This is a great argument against this mess. Thanks pede!
Bernie did say climate change causes terrorism during one of the debates, so it must be true. 😉
Somebody was taking their artistic license a little far, or added a zero by accident.
**BE SKEPTICAL PEDES**
OMG. F()ck the UN and their globalist BS You think Nafta is bad, this would've been 100x worse
Keep them out out out!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carboniferous  In the Carboniferous period, atmospheric CO2 is twice that of today. The earth was full of life, including all the trees that give us the coal today.  Those plants turned CO2 into the coal that we have today.  Thanks, plants!
That's what I thought. It looks really familiar.
#What happens when Ginsburg and Kennedy shuffle off their mortal coil?
that's the one, right there.
[BOOM! ENVIRON-MENT-SHOT!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgI)   #FUCK PARIS FUCK MUSK
And a bit of bleach?
Most of existing emissions in the atmosphere and causing the climate to change are due to the US and West though. I think it's important we work to resolve it because (a) it will help America through investing in new tech (b) if we go no-holds barred emissions we need to prepare for the fact that in 2100 the narrative will be "Hey you didn't do your part then, now Bangladesh is underwater so you have to take x million Muslim refugees", and it will be a very effective guilt trip because: demographic trends make it very unlikely there will be a Trump or lots of Trump voters to say no in 2100, and the MSM will probably have even more political power; and also it will be partly true.  At least we won't have people literally walking to our doorstep like Europe will though.  I don't want China to surge ahead at our expense- but I don't think Paris would have caused that.  These were pretty mild cuts.  Even switching to natural gas instead of coal, which we are doing anyway, could make a significant difference.  We need to upgrade and improve our electrical grid- why not take the opportunity to do so and also add lots of grid storage, solar, and nuclear.  If that's what Trump has up his sleeve, then fine, but I hope he has something up his sleeve.
Because his opinion isn't being respected by the President
That is to say, even if we all ceased to exist tomorrow, 86% of the problem would continue unabated.
programming unclear, upvoted instead.
I don't see "Like with a cloth or something?"
[removed]
I think it's just his autistic notes.
https://youtu.be/vYabrQrXt4A  Having an exaggerated sense of self-importance  Expecting to be recognized as superior even without achievements that warrant it  Exaggerating your achievements and talents  Being preoccupied with fantasies about success, power, brilliance, beauty or the perfect mate  Believing that you are superior and can only be understood by or associate with equally special people  Requiring constant admiration  Having a sense of entitlement  Expecting special favors and unquestioning compliance with your expectations  Taking advantage of others to get what you want  Having an inability or unwillingness to recognize the needs and feelings of others  Being envious of others and believing others envy you  Behaving in an arrogant or haughty manner
I'm not sure if the headline is using the word "plea" correctly, but it is a legal term.
It's almost as if France, Germany, and Italy killed the Paris Accord.
We have the best unnamed sources.
&gt;In 2012, he said, "If Barack Obama becomes the president in November, again, I will be either be dead or in jail by this time next year."
But she is bullying me!!!  Whaaaaaaa!
Because that's what pseudo-intelectuals with gender studies degrees do: they believe every bit of garbage that satisfies their egos.  The reality is China is a massive country with a massive population (1 out of 6 people on this planet is Chinese) and it's growing rapidly and is starving for energy.   So they're leading in adding renewable energy capacity. And in coal. And in gas. And in nuclear.
The press release has a typo.  It should read:  &gt; "Comedian" Kathy Griffin....
*Bombathon
[deleted]
I was against trying to get her dropped from advertisers and tour dates on principle but seriously! Fuck her! I hope her career dies and she ends up waitressing at a waffle house in the middle of nowhere. She's got the looks for it.
Here are the all the actual FEC files and Archives from (1980-2017) to compare the files too (some over 1 Gig too):  http://classic.fec.gov/finance/disclosure/ftpdet.shtml#a2017_2018
[deleted]
SO handsome!
[deleted]
Accurate
Anything named after Paris is probably bad
Every day is like Christmas morning. This morning it was like waking up and seeing Santa bought me a new bike. The asshurt and mass hysteria/confusion is simply delish.
George is zonked!
Just remember to assemble it from the us side
the half wits take it farther than that. they will claim that Chinese pollution counts as American pollution, but then somehow not make the leap that we should take total responsibility for it and move it back home if they don't live up to our standards.
that'd be a great time!
Meh. My white American ancestors all left Europe *for a reason*. You can have it.
Ok Merkel can be whatever she wants just pay up
Brilliant
Ultimately they should be interested in the DNC lawsuit. If they let Bernie win instead of putting up that corpse, it would have been a close race. Even without rigging.    But liberals aren't smart like that. And Trump still would have beaten Berniezuela
You should have. Trigger them.
They're getting sloppy.
Nonstop binge eating until the sun rises
Don't worry Pede. it's 9 am here and I am ready to MAGA. While you American pedes go to sleep, we pedes from other parts, will keep the upvotes coming. Shariacucks can go "smoke" a cigar...
Don't make a baby with the EU.
It's just a really loud echo chamber, but the majority of people don't give a fuck.  They want Trump to do well, they hate the media, they know what's been going on for the past couple(fifty) years is fucked, and they know they're being lied to over and over by all the Trump haters.
NOT TO MENTION this thing has been around about a year. HOW DID WE EVER SURVIVE WITHOUT BEING IN THE PARIS ACCORDS?!?! OH NOO. Lol give it up dem-shills
The funny thing is that no one wants to talk about how much it costs **just to register** a $120,000.00 high-performance Model S. Hint: it's upwards of $870.00 in California -   ###*FOR ONE YEAR*###  [Have fun with plugging factors in to this CA DMV Registration Fee Calculator](https://www.dmv.ca.gov/wasapp/FeeCalculatorWeb/newVehicleFees.do)  *I don't even want to know how much full coverage costs on one of them*
[Yuuuge.](http://lidblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Trump.jpg)
[removed]
[removed]
Ya pleading was more of an obama administration thing....pleading the fifth that is.
This is not about pollution or Al Gore carbon footprint BS:    It is the Globalists saying: "You are too successful, give up your manufacturing, so others can take your jobs and your need to pay us for the privilege"
Except it won't.. But the wall, which is completely controlled by man will definately be **10 FEET HIGHER**
Need a better link.
Did you just call Trump a homosexual female Muslim alien?
fuck the allen key, we need a drill bit to make this faster
Does anyone have a DL link? I can check it out, but I'm sure I saw this file list before. Let's not get caught up in another forgery like the Joe Biggs docs.
Meh, even if they say is unconstitutional (it isn't) the Admin should just ignore it and implement it anyway. The law is clear that it's the authority of the President. Fuck these judges trying to rule the country. Ignore them.
[removed]
'The science of feelings'
[removed]
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6-xZMRm0ehvZ29TM2RkOXJUeGs/view  New link.
Got it right here:  https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_cOWOP1UD-5OVFRX0FMaVBWa0E/view
For sure. The globalist were planning on lowering America into a pit and shoveling in as many back-water country immigrants as they could in order to stop the City on the Hill from shining so bright. It would have been the end of times and there would have been nothing left of humanity but crumbling buildings and the sticks 'people' use to defend themselves.
[removed]
This is what I can't understand about any of this from their perspective. Its like they've all of a sudden become utterly helpless in every facet of life.  They seem to care very little about what they can do with regards to their own situation and prefer to focus almost entirely on aggregate policy decisions that have far less effect on them.  I guess they're so used to big government that they're showing their dependence on it. They damn near expect the government to have a deep influence on their lives. Sad really.
&gt;he  KEK
So they're happy to declare Merkel "die Führerin" now?
But but but, he's Ironman.
The whole article indicates that these rioters have no awareness that destruction of property is illegal. They call themselves protestors, but they were rioting. Big fucking difference.
And they gave us the coal we have today.
 "and any argument that presumes a different viewpoint will fall on deaf ears." ...conversation, much????
ctrl-c
Is this file even new information?  The file name is exactly the same as what was released with the "Guccifer 2.0" leaks last year. Check out the file name in the first column here: https://www.reddit.com/r/DNCleaks/comments/52ksky/guccifer_20_just_released_600mb_of_new_internal/
[deleted]
100 % Russian bots. Absolutely no doubt about it. Its not even an argument
how big is the file?
The ice in my freezer is already melting.
holy fuck what?!!?!? if they want to be taken down a notch they can pack their shit up and go live in a shed, go ahead and self abuse, the rest of us don't need to suffer because of your mental disorder.
Conservative artwork is a lot less pedocentric.
New download link:  https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6-xZMRm0ehvZ29TM2RkOXJUeGs/view
*Sea levels are rising due to Liberal tears.*
The Paris Abortion was inevitable.
Where'd you buy that one?   Do you know anyone who makes them in a collegiate cut?
Well sure, it is the highest we have evidence of afaik. I'm still not convinced that it makes a considerable contribution to the climate since what we are seeing looks to be about par for the course anyway.
Yep, worst agreement ever - of course China would agree to a treaty that forces the USA to pay billions while they do NOTHING
They look like the baddies.
You get used to it. They have a bot that's sweeping through and banning anyone that posts here. Welcome to the club.
They already did.
Thank God our president doesn't drink. A good example for us to follow.
Some guy in my class's whatsapp group was talking about racism, and he said the brazilian penal code was against blacks. I was like... "That makes no fucking sense".  I study law so I read a lot on that code, pretty sure nothing on it is anti-black racist
Matthew Mcconaughey plays Gowdy when this becomes a movie. You heard it here first.
Voter fraud expert here (in silicon valley)  If there is fraud data in here, I will ID it.
No. Some European on my Facebook stated talking about some dolphins in Mexico dying off just now
Merkel is threatening the UK because they voted to leave the EuroReich with their own free will  MSM, wake up or wake up without subscribers
Someone on the twitter thread mentioned some birthday card crap looking like new data, but wasn't sure. Did you find anything?
Guccifer released in Sept... Seth died in July...   If this isn't fake, doesn't that prove that Guccifer released what Seth gave him?
And cut off the water supply
Seems fake, they wouldn't refer to themselves as Daesh.
Incoming memes.
Never interrupt your enemy while he is making a mistake.  I say we allow blue governors to place this tremendous burden on their taxpayers and see how it goes...
Be me, go to a global warming speech tomorrow so I'll take my private jet.   I get there with my 20 car entourage then get on a mega yacht afterwards.   Tomorrow I come back from one of my 20 estates on my private jet,   then have to fly back because I forgot my hat.
This, exactly! Did you hear that thud when she dropped the head on the floor in the video?
We need to make r/TwoXChromosomes_TD just to piss them off.  Until then, I have you covered:  [Can't Get Chromosome Education on Reddit? Not To Worry, This Is All You Need To Know](http://np.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6epa34/cant_get_chromosome_education_on_reddit_not_to/)
This is against a "generic" democrat. The irony here is that all of the "non-generic" democrats actually have lower chance of winning.
Almost like they have selective hearing and missed the part where Trump said they should negotiate a better deal if they liked this one so much
He got big because Kim Dotcom tweeted about him a couple of days ago. I never trusted George Webb.
More people show up at a storage locker auction
Lmfao
Nah. Those cucks were crying over the Manchester bombing forever. All those heart things on Facebook pictures and everything.
David Brock and his cyber shill minions, who else?  At this rate he'll get another, final heart attack, pretty, pretty soon.
Wow!  Citizens are being backed against the wall here.   Californians wealth is almost entirely wrapped up in their homes.  These Calif legislatures are about to increase the budget here bu 400B.  22k to every person, homeless, illegal and  law abiding in the state.   So the real number to each taxpayer will be well over 100k. Probably more like 250k to each tax payer.      Help us.  Call any Calif legislature to ask how this is fair.
my guess... either ISIS GREEN...the favorite color of fanatics everywhere or  a distress signal to Soros that they need more cash since Trump bailed on the Obama treaty
They have a user name list that has been spreading around so they can auto block the_donald posters. I like how they judge everyone based on just a few. It is almost like they are profiling. Oops I said a dirty word.
#b-b-b-but muh narrative
We're not going to subsidize their bullshit any longer. AMERICA FIRST!!
Bye Felicia
[removed]
Maybe they meant "unfuckable lard ass"? she dominates Google images in that
One of my favorite jokes I ever saw on Reddit. A Jewish kid asking his dad for money.
I always get a funny reaction when someone challenging me on science realizes I possess multiple graduate degrees and know what I'm talking about.   Their reaction is priceless, you can see the brain train leaving the station.   That's when I tell them about the Trump train
[deleted]
Well said. Pretty much impossible to take someone seriously who behaves like that.
you have been trained well my young pede
#[WE JUST CAN'T STOP WINNING, FOLKS! THE TRUMP TRAIN JUST GOT 10 BILLION MPH FASTER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgM2xN5TPgw#131619385117000)  #CURRENT SPEED: 131,619,385,117,000 MPH!  At that rate, it would take approximately 12.738 years to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light-years)!   ^^^^A ^^^^bot ^^^^by ^^^^/u/BotsByLiam. ^^^^Please [^^^^use ^^^^this ^^^^form](http://botsbyliam.com) ^^^^or ^^^^visit ^^^^/r/BotsByLiam ^^^^to ^^^^report ^^^^errors ^^^^or ^^^^make ^^^^suggestions!
That poor little girl is trying to get away...Biden's breath probably smells of alcohol.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Bingo. Climate changes. There used to be thousands of wild animals in the Sahara- lions, elephants, all sorts of stuff. Climate changes and there is no right temperature in an infinitely complex multi relational system like climate.
It's interesting to me how supposedly with the Paris accord we were to be on track for having 25% less emissions than we did in 2005 by the year 2030 or so, and without it we are on track for 19% as it is.  Not only that but it's also interesting how it gave a pass for a country like China to reach their expected peak emissions by 2030. Right now China is responsible for 29.51% of the CO2 emissions in the world. This is more than double the US, and almost more than the US, Europe, and India combined. As a result of China essentially being allowed to continue to build it's output while the US and other countries are on track for reductions this means that China's share of total CO2 emissions grows even further.   Also as a percentage of global output of CO2, shipping comprises about 20% of total world emissions right now. My position is this: that if the world wants a reduction in the output of CO2 emissions then one of the most effective ways is to stop outsourcing manufacturing, industry, and such to places like China and instead bring them back to places like the US. As a consequence this lowers the impact of shipping, brings these industries and jobs back to the US, and puts them under US emissions laws which are more strict than China.  Essentially if you want to reduce these emissions probably more effectively, you cut some of this free trade shit out and bring jobs and industry back to the US.   Spez: it's also interesting to note that on a per capita basis Australians produce 13.44% more CO2 emissions than the US, and Canadians are 96.27% of the output of the US.
IDK why, but I been remembering one of, if not the, first trump attacks back during the campaign when they did the fake news quote about him running as a republican because they were stupid and would vote for him.  This was back when they were trying to push him as the 'secret democrat'.   I've just found that to be so ironic this week more than most, I mean not only is he NOT a 'secret democrat' the guy is getting stuff done no republican would ever even dream of touching.    Man, out of all the attacks he was slandered with, that one couldn't have been MORE wrong.  It's just glorious.  Had a friend tripping out about him today being some crazy nazi, so i reposted a post from months back where the guy had shared that meme and I asked 'but I thought he was a secret democrat?'   Glorious.  Just perfect LONG LIVE THE GOD EMPEROR
Where is the chat they are doing?
They were definitely on the list.   Her prior run for presidency looked like it was her time; she would run against a terrible republican nominee, George W. was unpopular and she had a large network of donors and volunteers in place.  But the improbable happened. A young black senator that no one had heard of "robbed" her of the nomination. Watch some of their debates together; their hatred for one another is palpable.  Anyways deals were made, cash deposited and two former failed democratic nominees would end up as secretary of state.
[deleted]
Tough shit.  Actions have consequences, and you deserve the career suicide you are starting to endure.  May you live an unfulfilled and lonely rest of your pathetic life, you sad waste of breathable air.
let the tendies hit the floor reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
80 years? Shit!  If he has the lifespan of David Rockefeller he'll come out and start rioting again. Bad!
The zips included in the guccifier file are just extracted in this release. That's why the file size is bigger here.   Pretty sure it's nothing. Look through them both.
Funny that the market went screaming up today.  Seems if the world was ending that the market would be down....hmmm...
I don't even know anymore. This all could be one big hoax or it could be the truth right before our eyes and we can't see it...
The U.N. website doesn't give details, just that there would be "financial flow," and I linked the cites in the post.
She does live in the great state of California
Thank you. Centipede.
Nuclear will be the true BTFO to hippy scum  Just have to solve the NIMBY problem
They can't stop the signal Mal
Step 1 Read it. Step 2 When you see a liberal bitching about Trump and Paris, ask which part they agreed with most. Step 3 Laugh at them hysterically when it becomes obvious 98% of them never read it but were outraged because someone told them to be. Step 4 Laugh at them some more.
With demtards running so many major cities, that's gonna be difficult to impossible...but you're right, that's what needs to happen. We need strong conservative candidates for mayors and they'll need our help to even have a chance. I live near Denver and their mayor is a demdisaster.
if Shanghai is in danger why are the Chinese going to increase CO2 output till 2030? really shows you the insanity of the left
Make sure they figure out the per capita share of the money they should be senting to the 'green energy fund?', and we'll get the address for them to send it right off.  Same for DeBlasio and all the rest.  Pay up bitches.  It's great that this time virtue-signalling comes with a dollar amount.
Bots please no downvote this post
*They need you right now, but when they don't, they'll cast you out, like a leper! You see, their morals, their code, it's a bad joke. Dropped at the first sign of trouble. They're only as good as the world allows them to be. I'll show you. When the chips are down, these... these civilized people, they'll eat each other.*
Or is it really Andy dick in drag trying to ruin Kathy Griffins career.
[removed]
Should have made the base a dildo, so we can correctly show spez as a dickhead.
Two bricks!
 People are so used to being led by puppets they've forgotten how a real leader acts.
They are basically the same.  The clinical term is "antisocial personality disorder."  Colloquially, psychopaths are more reckless and wild while sociopaths are more controlled.  Sociopaths can be quite successful in society, if they learn proper coping mechanisms. Psychopaths generally cannot.
[removed]
[removed]
Oh FFS - She might be the enemy and all, but how she dresses is irrelevant and petty.  Don't sink to the lowest levels, only DemZombies be down there.
[deleted]
My new username u/somerando
&gt; they are not just individual criminals but become a criminal organization.   Sweeeeeeeeet!
Yeah, but if the US isn't paying out of its own wallet then "it doesn't matter what he says." I support many cancer organizations but I don't have the money to support each benefit, doesn't make me support it any less however.  Pretty much if he said the sky is blue people will scream purple. If he pulled troops out of the Middle East people will scream for them to go back in. Trump's new plan should be to parrot all of his policies backwards, so he gets instant support from the left for the policies he actually want to enact.
"Liberal science" is pretty much a thing now.  It's whatever you want it to be without any of that boring shit... you know, the proof.
A very very very rich chinese busniness man injected oodles of cash to rapin bills 92 campaign at the precise time where he wouldve  folded up without more capital.  They broke campaihn finance law via bundling and the guy is banned from entering the US now.    James Riady was the name
No, but it alludes to funding on the UN website. Without ratification by Congress, we are not bound to anything. Which is another reason why this is a moot agreement.
[deleted]
Kek!
Thank you, Webb would use previously published news and creat links between stories with a make believe connect the dot fantasy narrative. This hurts any progress we make in regards to pushing actual proven links between Rich and Wikileaks and there are many. This LARPing fuck always has a conclusion that can't be verified because it's from "intel" sources he can't reveal or dead people. I can't believe he still has followers after he said the nursing union sent a hit team to kill him pn his way to speak to the Russian consultant. Or that Malvo was being released to assasinate POTUS. If it doesn't happen he can say because of his investigation they had to change plans. Now they are bringing Goodman on RT to talk about Rich and he has less real information than any pede on here has, and talks about their lives being in danger. They are Hurting this movement for Seth, because they want to get views or LARP or whatever the fuck...If Webbs bullshit goes on MSM no way can Hannity or Dobs touch it again. I think the mods are trying to kill the hysteria to preserve the real integrity that /pol/, Assange, TD, and Hannity have given this case. Pray this larping webb fuck doesn't undo what Seth Deserves. And for those that want to downvote me for AGAIN saying the fucking truth hit the fucking button, and then when you feel better realize Webb is fucking up what you desperately want...And That's justice for Seth Rich, he deserves more from all of us than to give attention and lose credibility to the fucking larping assholes.
If Barron needed to toke one up when hacking into the Clinton mainframe, I wouldn't judge him any more than I would judge John Boehner from lighting up a cigar.  Opiates are bad but caffeine, nicotine and THC are as American as apple pie.
Jr is by far my favorite of the siblings. Has been since the first time I heard him defend his father. Ivanka doesn't even come close.
Pneumonia... even this is a lie. They are trying to distance themselves from her to save the party. If it was real they would have called it what it was. Pneumonia doesn't cause seizures into collapse.
If you're not a Macedonian spy then who was that under Tucker's bed last night?
Nice try, go back to Russia!
She plans on suing the trump supporters....lol.
I assume "Dimms" stands for Dems...?
Thanks.  I'm doing pretty ok actually.  In spite of "the end of the world thx to donald trump" . haha
our government is falling apart...shit one of the parties should be investigated for murder...judges arent supposed to have a party....yet every judge stepping in has some tie to obama by sinply being picked by him. This is an obvious coup we shpuld stop letting people in altogether while we get the government figured out.
The embarrassment knowing that is a verified account.
No 4d chess experience.
**WTF? I LOVE POTATO SALAD NOW**
Take that little blue check mark and shove it up your ass, Elon.
#Elon Cucsk
[removed]
[deleted]
Giving our money is socialist.  And it would not save the world, you little child. You have the intellect of a toddler if you think this is life and death for the world.  I gave you sources, because you couldn't believe what I asserted. Now that the facts have been shoved in your face, you change your argument to "the world will now end because of Trump". You're a disgrace.  If the world really is going to end. Everyone has to pay their own way to help. The USA is not carrying that load.   Lefties just love giving other people's money. It's their religion.
[deleted]
If these idiots think for one second that **fucking terrorists** wouldn't go through with the attacks anyway, then they truly have raised the bar of stupidity to once unthinkable heights.
ACLU has no credibility.
so basically... the stuff that Australians put on Liberal sandwiches
Call me crazy, but I think Kim has something real and is playing his hand carefully.  I never felt burned by Kim with the Hillary email thing.  I'm more :/ about InfoWars, honestly. No offense to your perspective, it's just mine.  The Corsi thing was a predictable letdown. And now Webb will be on InfoWars, so...  The Biggs thing happened so fast that it didn't matter.  I dunno. I just have a feeling about Kim.  I predicted that Wheeler was given bait to hurt the case and hurt Hannity. That's pretty much where we ended up.  So I just gotta go with my gut again. I think Webb is probably sincere but he's getting paranoid and breaking down and wound up and spun around.
To be fair,   I now pledge allegiance to Ted Cruz 2024
[removed]
We'll still have enough left over to pay for the moat
[removed]
Not to mention they had an [exception introduced on ships and aircraft introduced](https://www.newscientist.com/article/2077790-aircraft-and-ships-must-not-be-exempt-from-emissions-cuts/), China is literally the largest market for shipping in the world.  And the [16 biggest ships in the world produce more pollution than **all** the cars.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-1229857/How-16-ships-create-pollution-cars-world.html)
[removed]
Lmao, I'm pretty sure that is a terrible idea. As it would contribute to the CO^2
colorado just joined the confederacy of 'muh global warming states' cucks, i sadly read :(
More memes please
AntifaCTS
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Obviously this agreement isn't perfect and the issue with China continuing to be 4x the polluter we are without having to make immediate changes is really fucking annoying. However, I'm still more willing to support it because better late than never I suppose. If it were up to me, it would be more strict on Chinese pollution, but simply because the agreement is very lenient on China doesn't turn me off of the idea of all nations and humans doing what they can to come to some sort of compromise for the benefit of our planet's health.
rebates for home solar and big windmill on your parcel?
[removed]
As I said before, this climate agreement does nothing to reduce long term damage or prevent harm. I believe man made climate change is real, I also believe this agreement uses it as an excuse for low effort profit making. The two are not mutually exclusive.  I want the world to move towards green energy entirely but I also don't see the need to get swindled by con artists along the way.
No! They were just bystanders. Tourists. They were on vacation. They took a wrong turn and got lost. They didn't even know it was illegal to wear a mask and attack the police.
Interesting post (have a degree in Economics w/ Emphasis in Environmental Economics). Looking to do this sort of thing once I get me a remotely decent place to do so!  But yes your totally right about the clueless lefties that repeat nonsense they hear on MSM or Starbucks and think they are saving the world. Just cause something is being called "green" doesn't mean it actually is. And just because a plan, like this Paris Accord, is advertised by politicians as "supposed to" save the environment doesn't mean its the case.   Arguing with a liberal who knows nothing about the actual environment is mind boggling. Some people just believe that anything cooked up by a government to save the environment must be the best option is retarded.
We've already transferred trillions in wealth to the Chinese. What's a few more trillion guys? s/
They just want attention and press.  And posts like this are giving it to them.  Please consider simply ignoring idiots like Griffin. That is truly the best way to combat dysfunctional bottom-feeding attention whores.
[removed]
[removed]
Most of her base prefer to hang out in cemeteries and SoCal
[removed]
[removed]
I am a Trump supporter, UT he has little to do with the irrationality and over exuberance in markets currently.    There is a financial war going on behind the scenes, and China has engineered it to they are guaranteed to win, and the US  is guaranteed to lose.   They fixed the rate of gold the to YUAN and are printing it artificially to gain more gold exposure, the current metals market is highly manipulated to allow China a larger seat at the table.    If the US raises interest rates, it triggers the mother of all safe Haven panics.
[removed]
Feels
http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/745964/vatican-intent-on-signing-paris-climate-agreement  the vatican has still NOT signed on to the paris climate deal!!!
I've lived in China for a month as a gap-year type thing in Chengdu. Let me tell ya, after being in Beijing for 3 HOURS I've contracted bronchitis immediately due to the pollution. And dont let the news call this fake, but I've literally watched the sunrise on TV at 6:45am because the pollution was so bad you can't see the sun.  But yeah, it's America's problem somehow. I'd be much, much, much more concerned about Beijing than Los Angeles. If the Accord was truly concerned about its own message, then it'd pressure China much harder than the US. Just saying.
Thanks for taking the time to see both sides by the way.
[removed]
Lawyers shit post so they do not have to mind the details. It's recreation time.    And.....    Our lawyers are covfefe!
Musk should have done that.
[The now dethroned pullout king] (https://forums.auroraen.com/uploads/monthly_2016_08/57b909d0184ea_PullOutKing_DETAILED.thumb.jpg.3bf16a819093015fcd6a9bfe474bc6dd.jpg)
Cool so she's doubling down on her retardation.
I don't know if we have paid anything. I don't recall if it was in the budget, but I don't think it was. Withdrawing is symbolic since we never agreed to anything anyway. The House having the power of the purse merely means all spending bills must originate in the House, but still need to be passed by both houses.
She was always scum, once her profile was high enough she decided to drop the act.
&gt; I want the rest of the world to tariff the shit out of us  they already do. why do you think shipping from the US to literally any other country in the world usually costs as much as the item itself, if not more? because they tax the everliving shit out of non-domestic products.  i would gladly pay a tax levied by the EU as soon as every single NATO country starts paying their fair share.
This is a scene from S5 of Curb your enthusiasm, with a DJT twist. Great show despite liberal bent, "Cofey was here" was a funny side plot to this episode.
[removed]
The youtube kid mkultra monarch thing the other day
[removed]
Yeah, need a good disposal system other than 'lol just bury it'.
What have you been fighting for for hundreds of years?
Filenames are the same but the sizes are dramatically different. It's suspected that Warren Flood had edited the G2.0 data before it was leaked to russianize it. This could be that data before it was edited. Maybe content was deleted as this file is larger than the original G2.0 leak/hack.
Wouldn't go reposting this until the actual telegram (kek) gets posted
He should keep his mouth closed if he's worried about greenhouse gas effect.
Pass the popcorn.
[removed]
[removed]
George Webb is controlled opposition Jesus Christ people. Look at the bullshit in this thread acting as if shills are downvoting it like crazy. It's a tactic to get everyone to upvote it. Webb has always been full of shit.
#IFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIF                okie doke
Is ignorance and skepticism not the basis of the first step of the scientific method ("Ask a question") and the driving force behind all that we know today?
It's starting to look like Debbie Wasserman Shultz is on the verge of committing suicide under suspicious circumstances.
[removed]
Burn the spy witch!
Could not agree more! Then podesta the molesta came out and America must have been, who is this clown? She was enraged and probably catatonic at the same time. To hell with her and the left!
Oa
pizza probably
**HERE COME DAT BAN**      **OH SHIT, WADDUP**
Can we make that a thing on the Donald? You Might Be Globalist.
Now they're going to fumble. Good luck making Britain foot the bill. They can pull out any time
"Can you explain this article?"
&gt; As for your other comment about "having no idea how hard or easy it is" - you're assuming a hell of a lot there.°  Well, i was assuming you are not a-list celebrity actor. I think it's fair to assume you are not one, but if you are, well, my mistake.  &gt; Getting millions by the brainwashed masses isn't really a fair assessment of whether or not someone is shit for morals.  Sorry, but i totally did not get what you said here, you are also making huge assumptions here about some "brainwashed masses".  Are you kind of saying that just because he made millions he doesn't have some superior moral judgement? I agree on that, his commercial success does not make him morally superior to anyone. But likewise his moral stance doesn't diminish his commercial success, so calling it "overinflated" is just your subjective opinion.
😀
Thank you
People who make their living by pretending to be something they're not, pretend to be something they're not.
Do you feel that /r/REEEEEE?
guys guys, the totalitarian communist government super pinky swears they will totally do stuff in 2030 if we cut our throats now.  their complete censorship of the internet proves their truthiness proclivities and they would never lie for money, profit, economic advantage or geopolitical power gains.  seriously, they're legit  you idiots are our of your fucking minds  these people cheated on trade so bad they have decimated the american middle class and you BELIEVE this bullshit?
This is national news. You cannot ignore it. A 11 year old saw it on tv. You wanna tell his kid to ignore a decapitated head that is supposed to be his father? Or how about some radical left lunatic that has no problem assaulting people in crowds decide take the next step. Im all for an edgy dick or vagina or someone looks like a pumpkin shit jokes that are considered "edgy" but this is not something that should be done for the world to see then ignored. How about the kidnapped kid who was scalped by a group of misinformed nut jobs who thought they were saving the world?
[removed]
[deleted]
Like what do they thinks going to happen at the next election , all 53 million of us who voted for change and got it are going to go "well he did EVERYTHING he said he would over the last 4 years, but let's give this new guy a go" like that's retarded. I'd vote to allow him more then 8 years! The first president for the people , BY THE PEOPLE
Same as that fucking cunt Al Gore and his private Jet + masion + cars...
For as much of a slimy douche this guy was during election time, he's turned out to be savage AF.
Check out the earnings and debt held on his companies.  They are founded on hype and tax credits and they continue to burn cash.
This picture is better http://celebhairtransplants.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/elon-musk-before-hair-transplant-2-300x293.jpg
So the globalists agree with punishing countries that don't follow the "rule of law" by not taking in ~~refugees~~ invaders. But in the United States we aren't supposed to punish sanctuary cities that don't follow federal immigration law?  Do these people ever not contradict themselves?
Then I guess he's not a hypocrite at all, those Saudis are all for clean energy!
Bob Creamer should be put to the gallows blech
No surprise they are tired of all the winning. When you lack the D, you become a shill
My ex-wife is no fan of trump or griffin either.  She couldn't care less, really.  She got free tickets to a griffin show a while back and she said it was the most disgusting show she had ever been to.  The whole show was literally trump shit talking. It was gross. She wanted to leave but the person she was with wanted to stay.  I used to like Griffin actually.  Not anymore. Fuck that piece of shit.
No one cares what she thinks..
that brings up a good point. kg has no self awareness, and she increases her chances of saying something actually prosecutable the longer she drags this shit fit out.
Soylent Green is people.
Give the guy a break. He might make his money by being fake, but his covfefe is real bruh.
This is old
I'd paid an extra six dollars a month for two trash cans.
You can bet most are on the council simply to benefit their company and their shareholders. It just happens to be that they are major shareholders also.
Sipcy af.
[deleted]
The comment BTFO often is thrown around The_Donald. This time, the article linked above delivers a MOAB-sized super BTFO using Rubin's own words against her.   Jennifer Rubin was given the MOABTFO.
Nah nah, those volcanoes that are at the highest risk of erupting are all in developing nations (take the Philippines for example).   They get a special dispensation as per the Paris treaty.
im amazed jim hasnt been killed off yet to ensure a movie will have better box office views.   isnt that what tptb do with bearded entertainers like him.
No longer showing up at the website of the St George theater on Staten Island.  Their website was down for a day and now her show no longer shows on calendar.
Surely if you match me, Bernie could still make it.  Surely with the demographics shifting, the GOP will never win again lolol  Surely *this* Marxist dictatorship will be the correct one.
drop her in the middle east ; so we can wager on how long she'll last (my bet 2 days)
no problem  we can all learn from each other.
[removed]
No, Hillary will sue the Macedonians.  Fella on with Tucker a few nights ago, can't remember his name, was making fun of Hillary's recent meltdown.  She implied Britain was behind Russia and Macedonia behind Britain  all sort of kek
I heard the UK is currently in a nuclear winter due to the predicted brexit apocalypse that everyone wouldn't stop talking about for the month before and after the vote.
I'm normally against the pull out method( ineffective and anticlimactic ) but this was more like spotting a trap and denying the seed. Key is pull out early not late.
Who is going to enforce a carbon tax on an unwilling USA?  Lulz
The "Hillary" that exited Chelsea's apartment was ten years younger, slightly taller, and about 20 lbs lighter than Side of Beef.
The "Hillary" that exited Chelsea's apartment was ten years younger, slightly taller, and about 20 lbs lighter than Side of Beef.
Why are you even wasting time on this? Lmao
CNN on suicide watch
Wow he is so knowledgable about the subject. Kudos!
 YOU DONT THREATEN TO HARASS A CHILD YOU DUMB CUNT.   Cant wait to see you reduced to a never-was with 7 cats.   #We got your back Barron!
Love it.  This will not go away, Kathy.
Well HOT DAMNNN 🌶🌶🌶🌶🌶🌶🌶
His ability to make money by being fake, makes him an erudite on real issues.
Wanna bet China would have never contributed to Paris Accord while our children have no future.
Russia hasn't enforced the Paris Accord yet. They likely won't now.
Wow,just wow.
&gt;isn't something that interests me.  If you aren't interested in a subject, why is it unreasonable to assume you don't know much about it? Lol
I'm confused.  Which of Al Gores houses is this?
Just checked mine. There a a couple of dramatic posts, but they are not getting likes. Surprisingly quiet.
this deserves to be known
How come the guy that fucks up all the time is the guy that preaches about teamwork.  Every time.  Every place.  Every setting.
FTFiling: The caller concluded with “Okey dokey,” after my secretary gave the caller public information about the case.  "IF, if, if, if, if, if, if. Some Okey Doke. Chew Soap. Chew Soap. Chew Soap."
Ha. I read this and thought "Biden"...
Hmm, liked so much I posted it twice (accidentally). Side O' Beef
why do taxpayers subsidize spacex when we have nasa already?
Look up Murph training. Basically 4 things - running, push-ups, pull-ups, squats. Do that, cut your carb/sugar intake, and you WILL see results.   Walk/run every day or every other day. Busy out some push/pull/squats every other day, just to get started. Advance from there.
http://www.dailystar.co.uk/news/world-news/619205/France-Paris-ISIS-terror-attacks-car-bomb-truck-Champs-Elysees-Eiffel-Tower
It does. (Wow, was I ever off!!)
Can I say that I hate the phrase "let that sink in"? Everyone is using it.
[removed]
It's enough to warrant subpoenaing her phone records for that exact time to double check
://www.thenewamerican.com/tech/environment/item/18888-embarrassing-predictions-haunt-the-global-warming-industry
&gt; In the case of business, there are studies that suggest that going 'green' actually harms their bottom line  Studies are completely pointless if you want to know how it will affect your bottom line because it's EXTREMELY dependent on where you live. "Going green" in a rural county in the South isn't going to have the same effect on sales that "Going green" would in San Francisco. If the market demographics are heavily liberal, it's a great marketing tool. "Studies" will do fuck all for such a specific factor. You would have to hire someone to research the market history for the place you live and then factor in your field of business and how well you can advertise it.
NO STEPPE ON SNEK
Meanwhile the year-long investigation cannot find a single one of these Russians that colluded with Trump.  She is killing the Russia narrative with the average person.
didn't have to tax anything or make it cost more.
The meme potential of this photo is fucking YUGE
We should just offer them free sterilizations so they won't have to murder babies.
looks like someone turned the vibrator setting on "high" during his interview. Hunbggggngbg   Don't stand up Elon.
[removed]
Because their current crop of "slaves" got too uppity.
Not even. You think any of the loot goes to the people of those countries? It's literally just funneling more free money to the same transnational elite class who then use it to buy more debt, property, politicians, etc. to collect more interest, rent, subsidies, etc.
Haha she thinks she's hot shit.
Does she a voice changer doesn't work on speech impediments?  I want to know if she sounded more like Elmer Fudd or Homestar Runner.
[removed]
&gt;brainwashed cucks and mentally ill morons.  &gt;I'm not one of those.   You maybe aren't 1 of those things
Yes, preferably a nationalist like Donald J Trump
Great counterargument. He's from t_d, so he must be wrong. These people are borderline stupid.
OMFG trump is now genociding american taxpayers fuuuuhhhg run!!!
Keep pushing.  We are winning.
No wonder why the Globalists were pushing so hard for Hillary, who would have continued to stay with the agreement.
Or it could be the novel concept that I've actually become informed and realised its not for me?
Because by their own climate models the Agreement would only lower the "rising" temperatures by .3F by 2100.  All why we waste Trillions of dollars destroying our economy and giving money to a group with no oversight building up other countries infrastructure.  Not to mention it's all based on C02 emissions, while the Earth is C02 starved right now historically and the fact C02 has a very small warming effect.  Would also like to point out we're still in an Ice Age in an inter-glacial period, with the next cooling period to be sometime in the next 10-30 years lasting 20-70 years.  I would also like to point out the Paris Agreement is based on falsified Global Warming Data. It's very much a useless money sink on the American Tax Payers backs.
If if if if if if if if if  okie dokie
Atleast he has a Prius. But wtf, why not get a nice ass Tesla with all that money
THANKS OBAMA
The Constitution. States can't enter into treaties.   "No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal...."  ARTICLE I, SECTION 10, CLAUSE 1
When your team is the worst in school history.
Why? Most of them don't make that much anyway.
Without American funding or participation it will fail globally.
Ouch
This is even better than the woman I saw on Judge Mathis who demanded "monetary condensation".
Doesn't exist, they only want the "common people" affected. They don't want to alter their life styles.
I'm seeing like 2 movies a year. Big tent poles only. Baysplosions, maybe WW as I like Gal. But I'm thinking of cutting it all out. The money somehow finds its way to Disney or Weinstein. Sucks as there are entertaining flicks to be covfefed.
Meme magic is real! Let's make this happen!
Oh my god.  &gt;The negotiators had a choice between a treaty that might bind the United States and nine-month promise from an outgoing president. They chose the promise from an outgoing president. Any claims that the next administration or the country is “going back on its word” will be disingenuous.  Only the Obama administration gave its word, and the other parties in Paris helped design the agreement to make that result possible.  I wanted to find out if the writer had chimed in over the recent weeks.  He never wrote another article.
Usually the response will be something like "I want a planet where my kids can breathe, and Trump literally robbed it from me. Now only the rich will have clean air in their private bunkers in the Midwest because all of the coasts up to the middle of the Appalachians and the Rockies will be underwater by July 2018."
Sadly, I do believe, I just don't want to.
Copypasta incoming
"I’LL BELIEVE THERE’S A CLIMATE CRISIS WHEN THE PEOPLE WHO KEEP TELLING ME THERE’S A CLIMATE CRISIS START ACTING LIKE THERE’S A CLIMATE CRISIS"
they are also very much into this refugee thing. those people have been feeling guilty and that is what guilt does to you.
They'll really be driving themselves crazy when the next cooling period happens in the next decade or so.
Love it , the same clowns that kept taunting him why he didnt take it to the supreme court before Gorsuch came on board are going to be crying when it passes .
Here's 2 books you can read about china fucking everyone over on trade.  both on the macro level here  https://www.amazon.com/Bad-Samaritans-Secret-History-Capitalism/dp/1596915986  and the micro level here  https://www.amazon.com/Factory-Man-Furniture-Offshoring-American/dp/031623141X  is it my fault you're a naive fuck who thinks china will abide by these SELF REPORTING bullshit metrics?
My 401k is up 5% this year, I started my job 4 months ago, my sisters 401k is up 9% in 5 months!
I'm confused. If the deal was going to fuck the developed rich countries over, why does the EU push for it so hard?
Good luck with your 0 Job growth.
Fugazi!
There is no cure for Retard.
Россия любит Дональда Дж Трампа
I wish I knew who needs to see this
Looks like a moth eaten page from a book overlaid over some shitty "art".
It's a pretty comfortable 200 degrees where I'm at today. Pretty excited tbh.
It won't go away, Check the sticky thread
Debbie Ramenhair-Schultz
Thanks Vlad!
&gt;Pretty much true, even half the commercials are propaganda.   FTFY
Never change, CNN.
People really don't realize how inefficient solar and wind are right now.  They think a few panels will solve the whole world's energy problems.  Like the idiot liberal teenagers they are, they have no idea what transport and storage costs are like.  You can't just have solar panels everywhere.  You need to deliver that energy somehow, and it's stupid expensive.
What's the unpopular opinion?  Everyone knows Donald Trump is a badass.
I mean they can try. Let me break down China's offensive nuclear capabilities.  * only 1 of their nuclear subs is armed, and we are constantly surveilling it. They MIGHT spool up a second.  * their ICBMs have the warheads separately stored from the launch vehicles because they're paranoid about a coup  * the DF-31 stunt was just a TEL with a tarp  Now I hear constantly "China would never strike first" and "China can strike first and win if it wanted to" but both are hilarious considering their nuclear readiness is driven more by fear of a civil war than first strike capability.  In reality, a conventional war on Chinese soil is very unlikely. However, if we performed FID with internal dissidents and trained them to fight each other, it becomes their worst nightmare. Sure they can rely on defense in depth from the shore, but guerrilla cells operating independent hit and fade attacks in Chengdu and Shenyang against a PLA that's only cut its teeth on blue helmet operations would be quite the party.
Lol man if all these millionares/billionaires care that much about the environment they could easily chip in and buy everyone in the middle and lower class an electric or hybrid car.  Not to mention put their money towards innovations.   Just another bunch of hypocrites.   Even if this really isn't his yacht it's still a co2 emmision big boat which he should be against borrowing.   I do believe in climate change because the facts prove it's happened a lot over the 4.5 billion years of earths existence.  I also believe our co2 emmisions are speeding up the global warmth, BUT!!! I also know people will slap that label on a scam to make you believe you're helping the environment.  Seriously all the money that went into the Paris act could have easily converted everything into green power, yet we don't see any changes..... hmmmm, I wonder why?     Yeah I wish I had a green car but I can't afford that or the payments being a sole provider for the family.  I can barely afford health insurance just for my son thanks to Obama's malarkey skyrocketing our premiums and punishing us for not having it.   If my voice was louder I would challenge those people to actually do something for us besides complain.     Sorry guys it just grinds my gears so I'm venting a bit
Well you aren't an outsider if you aren't a libtard or cuck. If you are a little whiny bitch you get banned that's it. Are you a little whiny bitch?
quality post, friend.
".... amid the outrage, the aggrieved still haven’t gotten around to resolving the central Paris contradiction, which is that it promises to be Earth-saving but fails on its own terms. It is a pledge of phony progress."  - WSJ Editorial Board
[deleted]
ted cruz &gt; elon musk eh??? hahaha you guys are fucked
First their rocket does not launch because of a freak lightning storm, now the stock price drops.  Will the Trump Curse continue to punish Elon Musk for a thousand years?
its almost symbolic of what he is doing/ has to do to clean up after B.O.
This also means that countries like France and Germany are super fucked for their finances in the coming years. With England leaving the EU and Poland considering it means they will be losing them as financial contributors as well. The US funded a lot of European countries through shit like this in the past years. Losing all 3 countries funding means the EU is going into the hole.
There's always an orc thread on /pol lately.
[deleted]
It just seems like he's been made out to be this awesome guy but I can't see why.
I'm sooo over hope and change with the left.
psssst....Global warming causes global cooling, that's why we switched it to "Climate Change"....cover our bases, get money, bring down the patriarchy...
This is a "party" for rich people where they network, spend some time in the Swiss Alps as summer rolls around, and generally don't give a fuck about us. Whatever the excuse is that they're going there, it's not. They're probably pissed that all their plans are getting fucked and are planning something about it.
Declaration of Independence yo, not Constitutional Convention
She let it die you mean, as it should have without shit tonnes of subsidies.
There is a lot of money to be made in being a Prophet of Doom.  Howard Ruff made millions with his "Ruff Times", and these so-called climate scientists are raking in the dough doing study after study, (denying or hiding data that doesn't fit their conclusion), proving that the world is in fact still here.
Same thing happened to me yesterday.
You had me at "Megyn Kelly's retarded"
[deleted]
I'm sure if the news hit that I had won the lottery, I'd have 200 "relatives" show up.
The syphillitic brain is kicking in!
Well you can't expect them to go to work, but their own shit, then give it away. What are you crazy!?!?
But we know you are a problem....least they check social media more than the state department was doing
The vast majority in Puerto Rico do not support this man. Some people supported the presidential pardon for humanitarian reasons. We don't support terrorists, period.
[deleted]
Took all of 24 hours after the fake apology to be a fake victim. Shameless bitch.
I wish it was that innocent.  CNN has an agenda that is driven by some foreign interest or power not originating from the United States of America.  It's called sedition/treason.  I don't know how it's allowed to continue maybe because Trump knows it pisses real Americans off more and more everyday we watch it.
[removed]
They have to be there to collect their paycheck.
[deleted]
Very well could be.  Hopefully we can curb that a little with the pullout from dogshit agreements like the Paris Accords.
Certainly Not News.      e  r  t  a  i  n  l  y          N  o  t          N  e  w  s   .
Damn man, has our world even recovered from the 2012 and 2006 climate apocalypses we were warned about??  We're so dead, the weather will kill us.
Das rayciss. I'm ok with firing squad, electric chair, or lethal injection, tho, once he is found guilty of treason in a court of law.
I'm going golfing today... Should I be on the  lookout for fire and brimstone?
Those Obama policies are finally kicking in /s
So you DO KNOW which category of American professionals has a far more dangerous job than cops!   Tree trimmers!   Incredibility  more dangerous a job.  I had a friend who was a cop, a good one too, he moved to Montana to become a logger for a few years, then came back east to start a tree removal and trimming business.   When was the last time you thanked a tree guy for his service?
I want in.
I was going to say this. As rich as Leo is, there's no way he could afford this type of yacht on his own.
When your life is so methodical you still work 9-5 during the Apocalypse.
Godspeed, you didn't deserve this. If only the U.S. had paid their *fair share* into a vague "climate" fund, all would be well.
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA  "HOLY SHIT!" HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA *pot smoker cough* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA 'I can't breathe, laughing too hard"  Here is an understatement: CNN lies
how does nobody see this?!?! they elected a fking TRAITOR!  The people of germany and europe must have all fell head 1st into something.  You elected a member of the communist secret police to be your leader/?!?!
As we have already seen it does not matter if they are or not judges can base decision on their personal bias without fear of being reprimanded as they are supposed to be.
Liberals literally think the entire article is one line "Save the earth"
Looks like some right sided heart failure
The video game is what I mean...it's raised like $150 million for development and is in a perpetual alpha cycle, instead of ever finishing their original vision they just keep imagining new things they want to add and asking for more money. It's the perfect example of how people will throw their money at something that sounds cool even if it doesn't deliver, and they will keep throwing money at it for years and years as long as it still sounds cool, no results necessary.
Dude, you win!  That's what I call MAGA!
no shitlib on planet earth would have been able to describe the details of the paris accord 3 days ago, yet now it's a grave matter for them, life or death.  do puppets feel their strings being pulled? do rats enjoy following their piper?
Are they "shovel ready" jobs?
[deleted]
[removed]
Thanks a lot I really appreciate that.  Glad to hear you've seen Side of Beef before!
Will this cause typhoons in Japan?
BREAKING: Seagull disassociates itself from Hillary Clinton.
I've made a post about this and have talked to others about it. Its because you are subscribed to t_d. They have an algorithm specifically targeting t_d, whether you have commented or not. Complete fascism.
To be a bit blunt, the US's footprint is worse on a per person or per capita basis. ~2x the US CO2 output, but ~4x the population. Although, that's only part of the story. The end result is the US is pretty bad on the emissions scale, like, really bad. Probably one of the worst per person.  *However*, I perfectly agree that the US has the right to pull out. I can even accept that some discussion on Global Warming/Climate Change is inconclusive. However, Trump clearly stated he'll *reconsider if it were fair*. I also do not agree with the concept of the Paris Accord and think EU leaders should reconsider it.  If the US makes their own effort to shrink some of its emissions, why would that be a bad thing?
Easy to spend money that's not yours...
Haha thanks I appreciate it
I'm hoping for a music video.
Is there a good list of positives from this decision to leave. I've seen a few good reasons but I need more ammo for weekend conversations.
Megyn Kelly:  "This is just further proof of Putin's ties to Russia."
With a name like that, it sounds like we made it up or misspelled it as an insult, but then i remember that's his real name. Musk. Musssssk.
They're very scant on details. I hope you're right. My understanding was that there wasn't a chemical process to make LiOn safe to dispose of at the end of a cell's useful life.
Kissinger got it!? You're right, it is meaningless.
This is proof that  liberalism have become an apocalyptic death cult
[removed]
[removed]
Will a VPN get around this?
Science consequences... you know there's this adjective "scientific" that exists right? God these people are stupid
[deleted]
make him disappear
God help her. What an evil trainwreck. Thank my lucky stars every time her ugly mug shows up on TV that my MAGAMAN won.
Why the gap in release between Athena and Pandemic? JA is always strategic with his releases. Has anyone covered this somewhere?
~~This is false. The files released in 2016 were something like 460MB or 640MB, while this release is 1GB. It's like a DropBox. All the same files are there, plus ~400MB of new files.~~  ~~Nice try though.~~   Edit: unless this is true: https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6erpps/not_a_drill_holy_shit_george_webb_jason_goodman/dicm5ur/  &gt;Here's the sha1 hashes of the contents of each archive:  &gt;    Guccifer 600MB file  &gt;    https://pastebin.com/raw/GM0UrQNF  &gt;    Webb/Goodman/Trish 1GB file  &gt;    https://pastebin.com/raw/LNSV63ax  &gt;It's probable that the new archive is the same archive but with some of the contained archives being pre-extracted
Well then it seems only fair that everybody else pays him for their carbon emissions too.
Time to call in the national guard.
Are those the hypocrite solar panels manufactured by Elon Musk?
His virtue signaling response is very disappointing. In many ways I admired Elon Musk's ingenuity and general entrepreneurship approach.      What a fucking shame.
It kinda makes you wonder how many other agreements are raking us over the coals that are not well-known by the general public.
He gets it. Liberals would raise taxes on working Americans and ship the money to despots of foreign countries in order to "solve" climate change. Liberals goal is a permanent underclass here in America that will perpetually vote liberals in office for the freebies. Trump is shattering that idea by creating jobs and opportunities for ALL Americans- especially the poor. Allow everyone to keep more of their own money thru lower taxes on the middle class. Keep Americas money and wealth here in America.
What does J/K stand for (in his tweet)?
I wish I could violate the planet on that thing.
Tonight shall be my first post-apocalyptic dinner. I know I'm having a steak. My girlfriend, also an apocalypse survivor, will be there too. I don't know what she will order, but I hope my waiter isn't a zombie.
From funny fucker Richard Jeni (Rest in peace you loveable bastard):  "The only people that piss me off SLIGHTLY more than everyone else (talking about right vs left) are the TRILLIONAIRE, bleeding heart liberals!   People who're gonna change the world if they have to spend every buck of your money to do it! The Limousine Liberal people..People livin' in a mansion that's got twenty rooms that no one goes in; they're air conditioned! Got a pool no one goes in, it's heated! Flyin' across the world in a twenty person jet all by themselves 'cuz they don't wanna be late to a speech about ENERGY CONSERVATION. Fuck off! Get off, fucker!"
[removed]
Connected to comcast wifi. It does work for me.
I can only really do slide show kinda stuff I'm not a animator.  Would love to get in touch with people that could do that.
He can give his money but he can't make the US follow any rules.
If you were on someone's advisory council and they wouldn't take your advice don't you feel like you'd be wasting your time? I'm sure musks time is very valuable.
Not sure if this has been mentioned, but this was my first thought when he said he was pulling out.    Musk is a key person in a company called "Solar City".  I have friends that work for them.  The original model was to sign an agreement with homeowners to allow Solar City to install solar panels and be charged for electricity instead of the electric companies.  He also developed a battery to work with the setup.  http://www.solarcity.com/residential/powerwall If "agreements" like this would go through he would make a shit ton more money than from Tesla vehicles.
FEMA camps are ready and waiting...   Warren B's Trains are standing by for transport.  The sunshine camps might do the basement dwelling zombies some good.
Seems about right.
[removed]
[deleted]
Oh boy, and here she comes out today with her scam attorney, Gloria Allred's daughter.   Gee, haven't the liberal courts been looping in what they perceive as "racist comments" or "hate speech" from Trump's campaign to deny all his EO's on the travel ban? Well I wonder if ugliness like this Kathy Griffin article shows can be used against her in a court of law?
 And these same thing are able to be accomplished through the private sector? Fascinating........
[removed]
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8383  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/02028)
[deleted]
I've had people literally say that it's not.  People are insanely stupid on this site.
[deleted]
[removed]
Ah, so the same consumption but at higher cost?  Now you know why you don't see a bigger push for "smart buildings" and "smart campus" tech that reduces energy use.
U r really dumb
Is that chin music to my ears?
I live in a state where he has a factory. I assure you he is not great. He is just as slimy as any other corporatist. The difference is, he uses our own tax money to fuck us over
Another stupid cunt who's gonna get the God Emperors dick.   When they fuck do these idiots learn? You'll never beat Trump at anything you losers.
More like colluded with a centipede nest of 6 million +.
"You do?? Well, let him out!" My dad used to tell me how he'd prank call stores with that joke back in the 40s. OG troll...
Solar and Wind are very effective. The systems hit net 0 emissions from production fairly quickly.  Wind is very very efficient, and a completely free way to generate power, so is Solar. This is one of the biggest items with them that is misunderstood.  Once you build a Windmill, or place solar tiles, you do not have to ever buy fuel to power them and generate electricity.  They may not generate as much power as coal, or natural gas or diesel, but they are completely free from constraints of requiring combustion to run and generate power.  Wind is more feasible than conventional solar generation (better than solar tiles), but in a sunny area you wouldn't use solar tiles for electrical generation, you would use mirrors pointing at a tower, heating up sodium and using that molten sodium to boil water to produce steam to turn a turbine.  Solar power is much more than a tile, Solar power plants use a method to heat a metal to make it molten and use that to generate steam to turn turbine to generate electricity. Do you know what else uses a similar method?  Nuclear power uses molten metal (usually sodium or metal salts) as a coolant to pull heat away form the reactor core and transfers to water to use steam to drive a turbine.  Solar power is so so so much more advanced than 90% of people think it is.   Heliostats (Solar Furnace towers) - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_power_tower   (P.S. I think Elon is a brilliant man when it comes to niche science, and advancing space travel, but he needs to BTFO of Trump)
And we love the consequences!  Barry, Don has cancelled your phone and it appears your pen was filled with invisible ink.  Sovereignty.  Sovereignty.  COVFEFE forever!
When a liberal jumps at me like that, I just start laughing in their face.  When they go nuclear, laughing causes them to stroke out.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4809  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/45243)
&gt;Foe-bama. Faux-bama. You lying, duplicitous, traitorous, weak-willed, hate-filled, racist, spineless, commie muslim whore.  Gee, I would almost think you didn't care for our former president.  /s
i literally see thousands of russian hackers in their pajamas smoking weed and drinking vodka, having personal converstions with donald trump on their computer at 2 in the morning, cause ya know theyre both workaholics and all.
I don't think about you at all, cuck.
Of course it's an echo chamber, but then again, the rest of Reddit is the opposite echo chamber. Two chambers, two terms, two scoops, two genders.
So funny because it's true.
Awesome thanks so much glad to hear it. Really means a lot.  Good start to Friday!
You know what shouldn't be forgotten though, people who claim to be a navy SEAL that has been dead for 6 years.
#[POOODDDEEEESSSSTTTAAAAAAAAAAAA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoNGrW8aMRs)
    #SethRich killed for leaking #DNC emails to #WikiLeaks         Russia was a diversion      #Justice4SethRich
yea that was my first thought.  you know someone is cooking the numbers.  they cant have Trump with a positive jobs report.
Someone should correct him :)
Unless that billionaire happens to be named Trump
Leftists in Canada were *terrified*, lol.
China is choking out it's citizens with smog while the US makes great strides in development of cleaner and more efficient technologies. Our pollution per economic output is the lowest in the world. Yes, let's not share wrong facts.
“I don’t think the joke is the problem. Don’t worry about it. Don’t worry for your existence. All of this is meaningless… all of creation is just God’s Fidget Spinner. It’s really not important. What’s important is that we’re all here.”
~~He's lying.~~  ~~Edit: Maybe I am misinformed.~~  I don't know anything. Maybe there is additional data.
Opinion: The only reason a person should ever pay for themselves to go to Disney World is if they are bringing along their approximately 8 year old children.
Thanks a lot.  I really appreciate the support
He is unafraid, bigly.
Musk always disagreed with god emperor on environment policies and even stated that he was staying on When criticized by his supporters so he could speak to those concerns during the round tables. He even mentioned that he got energy concerns put into the docket when nobody else was talking about It or concerned, justifying being there when his supporters were telling him to leave. It doesn't make sense that he would suddenly quit, because he had always been opposed to trumps thinking on energy environment fossil fuels etc.  I bet he was getting shit from his mostly liberal supporters.  Musk is really smart it makes more sense that leaving was him choosing his battles between trying to move a needle with trump on energy being less impacting than dissent from his backers and supporters who are mostly liberal and have the ability to damage his companies.  Imagine a boycott of tesla from California liberals. Tesla would die and he would see his dream of everyone driving electric cars and having solar panels. Musk has said repeatedly over the years that his end game is to get away from fossil fuels because we don't need themand they are not sustainable long term.
He has turned out better than I imagined....and I imagine him making Space Marines real.
I think it's time to call regressive leftists like this exactly what they are - deranged and evil sub-humans.
Ads BTFO!
Because he is intentionally using two metrics other than projected population growth, which shows that India is expected to surpass China. Sure, exponential growth is ending, but their population is still going to get a lot bigger before they stabilize (they'll probably get another United States worth of people before that happens).  And what happens when those people want to be more than subsistence farmers? That is going to happen and when that happens the amount of pollution that they will generate will dwarf anything that the U.S. can possibly do alone.
Yea, he might try to take credit for that, but that wasn't in his ballpark.
Link?
Huh, I thought it was because she's a lying corrupted bitch.
[deleted]
this title is wrong. it says he CONDEMNS not confirms.
Do evil
Emissions per economic output
[removed]
Wtf I hate Elon now!  -this sub
WTF I love CEOs now
 I'll cut him some slack on those first 4 years.. but there's no excuse for his last term.
fucking retards.  Seriously, liberals are literally retarded.
&gt; You can't reduce carbon without nuclear energy plans.  You can with more efficient technology. For example, anti-gravity or wormhole tech would completely change the game. Even much more modest inventions - such as the bicycle - have had a huge impact. If we were serious about the environment, we'd fix our broken school system and crank out engineers and scientists that would invent tomorrow's green tech.
-0.56%? That's like not moving at all...
No joke, had this conversation with my dad last night:  "Trump won because there are over 40,000 Russian agents in the United States who went to small rural towns and brainwashed them to vote Trump."  "Really dad? Who's paying them while Russia's economy is crashing due to the low oil prices?"  "They're not getting paid, they just love their country enough to live in an entirely different country and pretend to be citizens of that country for decades to influence that country's politics slightly in favor of their home country."  "ಠ_ಠ"  Reply if you're shilling for Vlad
[removed]
"See the accord was correct!!!!!!  That Drumpf guy tried to kill us all!!"
Sure. Here some of the big takeaways:   it is all about money. If the US were to stay in we'd be pledging to cut our greenhouse output by at least 26% below levels of 2005. An insane amount that would lead to high unemployment (China, India and other huge countries that are our economic competitiora don't need to adhere to these standards). The us would also be sending billions of dollars to poorer countries every year to get them up to speed with green friendly tech/industry. China has not pledged a cent and they are the worlds biggest polluter. In fact they would likely even receive some of this money.  This all means higher energy costs and we pay more for gas, more for electricity and more taxes. Europeans already pay 3 times what we pay now and the prices are rising for them.  And the biggest point of all is that it won't even come close to stopping global warming, even if everyone adheres to the terms.
releasing the body cam footage would interfere in an investigation? WTF?
[deleted]
The best way to make it! I think I've posted a handful of things on a science sub,  a fitness sub, and a star wars sub ONCE. That's it, lol
"I LOVE YOU, FOR BEING YOU."
Or raise your own livestock. I'll be flipping Obama the bird and having a nice juicy steak in January when my family slaughters our black angus steers.
[removed]
This could have been our President folks. Seriously, we dodged not only a bullet, but a bomb.
It all goes to corrupt war lords anyway! If Africa really used that money they'd have a lot of shit solved by now!
FUCK. I knew I should've sold. Bought them forever ago before the election and couldn't get into my trading account on my new computer 😂
#PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE END TESLA INC'S SUBSIDIZES FOR RICH PEOPLE!! MAKE THEM PAIR THEIR FAIR SHARE (I.E. FULL FUCKING PRICE)
I hear his name is Red Wine.
"I was bullied, I guess it's okay for me to now go shoot up my school!" Just about the same type of logic.. just because you were picked on doesn't give you the right to hurt others. Grow up! People need to stop acting like little, fragile children, and grow some skin. No one cares about your feelings, especially when you're living in a part of the world full of privilege and freedoms.
[deleted]
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6891  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/23943)
No worries deplorable carry on with your excellent parenting.
who or what are these?
I was so disgusted when I saw that ....I had to respond.  World News is filled with cucks saying the same shit.
Amazing isn't it?   Almost like they don't need someone to tell them what to do.
[deleted]
You know, they've been wrong about literally everything for 2 years.  I'm sure they're right about this prediction!
Morning trigger. You're welcome!
You would think in an economy where people want to save money and the environment that people would buy into "oh so cheap" green energy products.
Yes, I know my enemies  They are the people who lie to me.
Hell Yea Pede
http://missionaryindependent.org/  Their prayer circle is the Crystal Silence League. They will pray for anyone for free, if you submit a prayer online. It's very effective.
The sun is an electric object not a nuclear one.
This is delusion at the highest of levels
[Redacted]
Hey! Hey!  This is library.
Makes you wonder why there's a war against diesel... maybe it's to cover for all the container ships travelling to and from Asia?  Maybe? *coughs in globalist*
[deleted]
Ding ding ding! We have a winner!
When is the Supreme Court going to look at it? Today? Next week? 2 months from now?
I thought "art" was a form of communication that expects reactions and conversations, and that each person sees that art in their own view.  Did she think that the Trumps would sit back and praise her disgusting "art"?  She put that shit out in public and she got exactly what she expected.  Now she's got a lawyer because the Trumps, like almost everyone else in the country, put out their opinion of how disgusting it is. She brought this on herself.  Boo hoo.
It's a new day, fuckers.  The EU and Junker's gang can piss off.
Thank you. Once someone says something remotely not nice regarding trump, this sub freaks out and hates that person. Jesus, it's like what liberals do to someone that takes the red pill. They toss them out and treat them like shit. It's annoying. There is no way to rebuild this country if we keep casting away people with differing opinions. EVEN if they just disagree on one thing. It's not what we should be about.
No, xhe did.
lol the May YOY looks incredible
Make this its own post.
Sorry Michele (we're not).
I see what you did there.
I told this to some cucks on another sub Reddit. They down voted me, even after I asked for facts 😂😂👍👍
BREAKING: Seagull encounters alt-right wing sparrow that visited Bernie Sanders, murdered on spot.
Liberal tears,  lack of sleep,  hysteria,  My mission here is going well,  I shall stay and continue the task at hand.  Thank you fellow pedes for all the shitposts,  sarcasm and motivation. : D
[deleted]
What a bitch. That's disgusting.
No. And I'm not disputing your science-- I'm telling you why it doesn't matter. The question is political. You're just using science as a political tool, which is very unfortunate. It's very bad for science.
I put 'Won't date the Trump hate 🐸' on mine.
Someone who looks at property as something they can just walk away from.
Just because someone gives advice doesn't mean it is always accepted. If someone will only provide advice on the condition that it is always followed, they want to be boss without the trouble of running for office. Advice isn't always followed and adults realize that. Quitting means he now has no influence, a place many people feel they are in with respect to the Federal Government.  Most average Americans would love to have the position that he just gave up.  If Musk wants his advice to always be followed, let him run for President. After all, elections have consequences.
I bet as soon as she falls asleep she dreams about fucking The Don
The only benefit tesla has had is showing that it is possible to generate reliable horse power in an electric energy.  The problem is that they already have the products available now but they can't make it profitable mostly because of how costly it is to manufacture the large battery packs to throw into these vehicles.      The tesla is pretty much a failure and isn't relevant in today's society until energy production has very little carbon emissions.      The reason I think that tesla in particular won't gain economic independence until the government stops subsidizing them is because why wouldn't they accept additional money from the US to build up their company?      They could easily suppress their earning potential and throw the additional money into building the company through resources / training / research.  If they did not receive any additional money they would be forced to focus on efficiency and developing a product that people would actually buy.      The company is worth billions of dollars, they don't need subsidies at this point, they need to focus on a good business model instead.  If the US isn't going to use their products then they failed.
It was worse than Logan.
An inconvenient truth.
Even if it was DiCaprio's yacht, his being a hypocrite wouldn't make him wrong about pollution having a negative effect on the environment.
Wew lad you have a lot of catching up to do.
No fake news here!
THE SCIENCE IS SETTLED!
Personally I only listen to rock and roll stars when it comes to determining what I should believe.  /S obviously
LOL, I can only imagine her face when she saw the god emperor on your shirt.
I've said it many times before, but whatever google touches turns to shit.  Their search engine, youtube, it doesn't matter.   They always start out really great and innovative and user friendly, but once the product is widely adopted, they gradually remove functionality or degrade the user experience in some way in the name of "progress."
It is *possible* that Trump *might have* broken a law concerning *some type* of massage he *may have* sent to an *anonymous person*, according to an *anonymous source*, our sources say.
Why yes...yes he is.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKjuTv85Maw  Hot Mic doesn't lie.
Unbelievable!  A president that keeps his word!?!?
'Content farms in Macedonia'  Cracks me up every time.
Of course NK agrees to watching the USA bend over. So does every other country.   Libs can't handle that we're in a unique position and so we play by a different set of rules. I love hearing them say they hope the world sanctions us.   Clueless idiots
They would have chosen someone who had a "98%" chance of winning, and had access to uranium supplies
Trump's best defense for this whole "Muh Russia hacked the election" bullshit is for Hillary to keep playing the blame game.
APPEAL!!!
Yeah, that sounds a lot like the old "*Anybody can run a big company with a small loan of a million dollars. That is an easy task.*" that was thrown around the rest of the reddit.
Oh.  TIL this based faggot is bi after all.
But a group of people who study something their lives are pushing an agenda? Well yeah, it's called a concern for the planet. The Paris agreement is to get people talking about climate change amongst the citizens of the planet. If the economy fails, it will recover. Same with the planet. But on a much different timescale. Looking at how many people will die due to an economic crisis compared to a planetary crisis is minuscule. The first stage is denial. Claiming that the Paris agreement is going to be more detrimental. Do it for the frogs. Frogs and amphibious creatures are dying at extreme rate. They need you. Don't believe me, check this non-profit hub. http://www.biologicaldiversity.org/programs/biodiversity/elements_of_biodiversity/extinction_crisis/
May I please join?
The medical field would call that treating the symptom not the cause. The symptom is the jewish being attacked in the middle east for merely existing. The cause is the muslims want everyone in the west dead. They want to conquer the world into one caliphate. The cause of the muslims aggression is not their proximity to the jewish, it is their militant ideology.
Elon Musk is a loser
This is great news.  Seriously.  If the left sticks to this script they will fail again in the midterms and fail again in 2020.  Russia. Climate change.  Transgender bathrooms.  All winning issues for Trump.
It will also serve as a metaphor for the media's quixotic quest to disparage the God Emporer.
Hummmmm,  good question. I guess whatever triggers them the most is the correct answer which I don't know.
6 million unofficially
ah so back to truckings, beheadings and knifings... got it.
That's why all these Silicon Valley and corporate guys everywhere were really worried about Trump - he was a threat to their gravy train. They were never worried he'd do a bad job. They were very worried he'd do a good job.... for the country.... at their expense.  Amazon has a lot of NSA and CIA data storage contracts, btw. Someone needs to check where those leaks are coming from...
People from UK have already been sentenced for reddit comments.
THAT POOL HOUSE IS BIGGER THAN MY HOUSE.
The Earth is a vast machine and with every warming and cooling phase it will adapt. The idea that mankind can manage these cycles or somehow keep the temperature consistent is ludicrous.   Our real goal (if anything) should be focusing on reducing pollution in general, which is man-made and has a far-more tangible effect on the environment.
[deleted]
Let them. They can ban together and send their cities revenue to Paris. They can then explain to their citizens why there is no money for the city.
[removed]
I was starting to be concerned with all the pizza related shirts, but then I saw one with Hacksaw Jim Duggan and all was well.
Its a left wing invention. It doesn't have to make sense, you just have to believe it.
IS
Haha!  So true.  Last year this time Comey had respect.  I'm glad he's been exposed and no longer basks in the misguided respect he had been awarded.  In short, he's a pathetic man.
LMAO! Hopefully her teeth were not like that of a shark
Then you ask to go to the bathroom and instead of going you find a fountain from the hall.
God the narcissism.
Read the book 'Righteous Indignation' by Andrew Breitbart himself. It's written in 2011 and explains everything that's going on in the media and academic institutions. Where it started, how they do it, and what our plan of action should be. He committed 'suicide' in 2012. Must read, you won't regret it.
Sauce
Depends on who is doing the teaching and what the motivation is. It sounds to me like you are set in your beliefs and are unwilling to  look into this further. I gave you a name did you look into it at all?
Hahahah
wHAt
[removed]
With their population dynamics, [+7% GDP in China is "crashing"](http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2014/09/china-industrial-growth-slows-power.html) the same way that failing to increase the size of a buget line-item is "cutting" the budget.  Yes, [they do play games](http://www.safehaven.com/article/44167/china-starting-to-resemble-bernie-madoff) but that only works until it doesn't!  When [**Moody's downgrades** the rating](http://www.safehaven.com/article/44428/moodys-downgrades-china) of one of the world's leading economies, it's pretty well undeniable that they are (ahem) *having difficulty* in that country.  The USA stock market best-case scenario for me is that it goes sideways. I anticipate more up-up-up which reflects nothing so much as **us** manipulating our own currency in ways that are not wise.  If we could manage (the historical average of) 3% growth year-over-year while the rest of the world is flat-lining or (much) *worse* then we're still winning.
Then why is it so hard to believe Americans love their own country?
1980s arnold would call him a pussy
Liberal "logic" is so superior than not even they understand it.
Those who target children deserve no pity and no remorse.
This guy is an idiot. For how much love he gets from the tech people for being so smart he would be a homeless bum if he wasn't robbing the government to run his businesses.  He literally hasn't had one profitable idea on his own.  If his ideas were great he wouldn't need to rob the tax payers so big league.  CUCK!
[deleted]
Ditto
This what they don't want you know!! The climate is always changing!! How much is man made? They don't know.   Yes, good call on volcanoes. They do more to the climate than any man made venture does. The devil is in the details. Climate change "scientists" are taking advantage of people who believe in science.   Nothing more than a cash grab at American funds.   Glad Americans are so unreliable, I'm done paying for third world countries and the EU's stupid fucking problems.   I'm also tired of Reddit. They think they know it all, mostly without reading the bill; morons.
I swear its part of the same plan as the "refugees" and illegals are. West is being propped up for collapse on every single angle and its fucking obvious.
Time to move our servers to Madagascar
You are right on that one but the government doesn't want you to know that.
Why do liberals hate children so much? All children are to them are political tools, sad!
calling her a "shill" is basically a compliment.  no one would pay someone that dull to promote an opinion.  she's giving out her idiocy freely
Not that I have doubts - But I know I'm on the right side because of people like her on the other side.
WTF I love unemployment now.  CNN - Jobs destroy families, how can Trump be so cruel?
I remember reading an article about George Hotz, the young hacker that cracked the PS3, and he had designed a self-driving system for his car out of off-the-shelf parts for around $1000 or so. Tesla tried to hire him and he was like, "Nah!".
Yes, please go away and take hilldog with you
Everything they absolutely cannot say is bad they attribute to Barry. Everything else is Trump's fault cuz racism.
Yeah, I memba!
OBVIOUSLY IT FURTHERS THE PAY GAP.
See also: the harry reid/nuclear option.
Kind of like evolution...
Not to defend his politics, even though I still love the Governator, but isn't his hummer hydrogen powered?
Must think he's an old school roman aristocrat or some shit.
380K +/- 6 million.
can I get a closed caption of Al Gore making the white power ok sign? 👌
Just look at all the evil whites have perpetrated on the earth. Civilised modern government, modern judicial system, flight, automobiles, ending north American slavery, finding out the earth isn't the center of the solar system and that the earth is round, discovering dna leading to the majority of understanding of modern medicine (disease), it's really terrible really what whites have done to plague this earth.
&gt; bellows  XD
The entire Green fund requires $100 billion per year, the US funds the most. At the current rate on contribution the United States will be on the hook for *at least* 30 billion out of the 100 billion.
I agree with everything you said except that Obama wasn't an idiot...   This was an intentional ploy to use global climate as a guise for global socialism.
How about Horseface Griffin not getting banned from Twitter but some guy replicating her 'art' holding her head did?
I got banned from there for literally no good reason.   My last comment was suggesting the poster learning BJJ  for self defense and to fend our harassers. Yep. Got banned because I support women and women learning to defend themselves. Never once did I make a disparaging remark in the sub.   they wanted me *to prove* I support women when I already linked them to my comment.
Thank you!
Has anyone noticed the insane level of mental gymnastics involved in claiming that *this* is somehow *solvable* on one hand and stating that, "Islamic terror is "just a fact of life that we're going to have to get used to," on the other?    One is an insanely complex system with an insurmountable amount of momentum (by our current technology), which we can't even slow, let alone stop, let ALONE reverse (totally solvable tho /s), and the other is a horde of barbarians (not solvable).
President Donald J. Trump spoke by telephone today with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, President Emmanuel Macron of France, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada, and Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom. The President personally explained his decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Accord. He thanked all four leaders for holding frank, substantive discussions on this issue during his first months in office. He also reassured the leaders that America remains committed to the Transatlantic alliance and to robust efforts to protect the environment. He noted America’s strong record in reducing emissions and leading the development of clean energy technology, and he reiterated that the United States under the Trump Administration, will be the cleanest and most environmentally friendly country on Earth. The leaders all agreed to continue dialogue and strengthen cooperation on environmental and other issues going forward.
That stuff is all progressive now bro. You not progressive?
His name was Seth Rich!!
Exactly. They wouldn't want to NOT act like savages.
I was banned a few days ago and responded to the message and never heard back. I wonder if they responded to anyone.
This is supposed to be against Reddit site wide rules.  I know they won't do anything, but you can still report to the admins.
Deport ze shill, comrades!
That NOAA data was used to push the Paris deal.
Lol his coal cars that are literally worse for the environment than gas
Hell yeah that is two decent meals
C'mon. We support the most law and order President in generations. This President isn't waiting for this petition to act any more than Surgeons are waiting for a particular number of Facebook likes to operate on a toddler with a tumor.  Trump doesn't need a petition to do the right thing.... and he won't NOT do the right thing in absence of x signatures.  You want to involve yourself. To act against injustice. I get it. I want to see folks hang for their treasonous activities, too. We elected him, let him work.
Does Kathy Griffin have kids?
Except he is a head engineer for both his space and electric car company... not so much an easy task
I've got you fam.  Check this out:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjG958lZ1KI  In case anyone was wondering, Guam didn't capsize.
Today, President Donald J. Trump declared that a major disaster exists in the State of New Hampshire and ordered Federal assistance to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas affected by the severe winter storm during the period of March 14-15, 2017.   Federal funding is available to State and eligible local governments and certain private nonprofit organizations on a cost-sharing basis for emergency work and the repair or replacement of facilities damaged by the severe winter storm in the counties of Belknap and Carroll.   Federal funding is also available on a cost-sharing basis for hazard mitigation measures statewide.  Robert J. Fenton, Acting Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), Department of Homeland Security, named Albert Lewis as the Federal Coordinating Officer for Federal recovery operations in the affected areas.   Additional designations may be made at a later date if requested by the State and warranted by the results of further damage assessments.
You learn something everyday on T_D. I always thought he was half possum.
**I KEEP PEOPLE UP AT NIGHT**
FFS!   OUT OUT OUT!!!
Yup....it was r/2X chromasomes
Well, we do have a bunch of brain dead morons wandering around aimlessly that makes it a zombie apocalypse right?
&gt;"We can only assume...    Don't get your panties in a twist
what the actual fuck. a local network hosted virus? sounds like this was developed at targeting businesses specifically. the CIA should have been shut down decades ago.
Misery loves company. These timeless clichés exist for a reason.
Ha, we sure pissed off the muslims in germany, maybe they need a snack or something to calm down.
How does she have the nerve to be so misguided and disrespectful to foreign leaders?  I wish this would get more coverage here.
Good grief she is so fucking ugly
Thomas Sowell
Without respecting our laws, our constitution or our sovereignty. Yup. Sounds like a liberal, honestly.
Owned by former NHL enforcer George Parros.
CALIFORNIA YES!    HAHA
Story time directly from the NYT.
i miss 1 question Fridays
God I had to skip over the attorney at the beginning. I was getting so mad at it. This is the kind of shit I should cut out of my media consumption. I swear I lost brain cells.
100% agree!! I'm a chickadee too and it makes my blood boil what she said. She is pathetic
#Climate Exaggeraters
Lololol....   too true. It hurts.
Just another ass.
That's why India needs to step up and do their part to help climate change by opening more burger chains
Aww shit breaking out the truuf! Climate exaggerator!
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6eunqu/muh_climate_change/
There's the BTFO fake media moment
lol how about the ku klux klan? or the league of the south, or the 3 percenters, or any number of (not necessarily only white people but certainly majority white people) american groups that vow extra-judicial violent attacks against civillian populations because of their (often christian beliefs)? there's a database full of these groups that the FBI maintains.
Is Kelly's bank account considered the swamp?
Climate exaggerators lol
#MUH I.C.E. CAPS
No.
Paris Accord is about CO2... That's dumb mmmkay. All this money was supposed to be Hillary's and the people that bribed her that are in power. This was Obama's legacy. Perpetual green money slush fund funded by American tax payers. Nope not on Trump's watch.
Prime candidate for the next episode of that tiny house show. Move him into a shed.
I really hope it does. If you google TCE camdenton you will be amazed by what these assholes got away with and Elon has hired them.
But, I thought they only had red, blue and white installed!   Are you saying something is about to happen in ... Italy?
They clearly held her down long enough to sign the paychecks they gave her for services rendered. But muh virtue signaling!
Accurate.   "Sorry for your feelings"
Everyone should be getting interest free loans. Interest is a scam devised by the money changers running the world and it's part of the reason why we have a $20 trillion debt that is pretty much impossible to pay back.
don't talk ill of bacon...can we call her something else?
Elon doesn't really get preachy like a lot of people do on climate change. He always prefaces "climate change" on that he is trying to make products that stand on their own and provide a better experience, not just green tech.
Filthy Rancid Cunt.  Perhaps we'll get luck and she'll run into a nice Syrian Rape gang.
Don't worry, he buys carbon offset credits from a company he owns.
#COVFEFE*
&gt;  "Even if we meet every target, we will only get to part of where we need to go,"  -Obama
I'm so tired of being called a bot.
Scott Pruitt's flag pin looks sweet. Anyone know where to buy those?
Boom...press BTFO. Pruit believes but can't pinpoint human contribution vs. natural contribution
There ya go
[deleted]
Trump has the best staff ever. This guy is roasting this media..
This issue is the kernel of the entire Russian saga of bullshit. Flynn had an X on his back as soon as he joined the Trump team.   "...he went on to believe that he was pressed into retirement for questioning the Obama administration's public narrative that Al Qaeda was close to defeat.[30] Journalist Seymour Hersh wrote that **"Flynn confirmed [to Hersh] that his agency had sent a constant stream of classified warnings ... about the dire consequences of toppling [Syrian President] Assad."**   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Flynn
Shhh .. Those across the street don't like it when you spoil their surprises ..
Trump did one tweet
42,000 Democrat voters are pissed that they can no longer trade food stamps for crack and oxys any more.
Is Lord Monckton gonna have to choke a bitch?
What self-respecting liberal doesn't have these ISIS props laying about?
Didn't see that coming.   (We did)
This is the same lady that brought out the famous "list" on Bill Oreilly and still stuttered and shuffled her way into a bloody mess.
I personally don't like his dishonest business practices. The sucking of his cock that his most vocal supporters engage in is also off putting.  If that's overly confrontational it isn't directed at you.      His car company is basically mass producing and selling beta products without properly informing the customer.   There have been reports of issues with the model 3 ranging from door handles not extending out for use when owners approach the car to control/interface screens going blank. Which have required software updates, sometimes one ~~of~~ off updates for a specific car.  That's just one instance of the many software problems Tesla cars have had.      The batteries have serious, like costing tens of thousands of dollars to replace, issues if they completely drain. It is such a concern to Tesla that they have been known to track down customers' cars and charge the battery because it was close to reaching zero. The more scary part is that the customers never knew Tesla was getting battery status reports from their car nor that Tesla could GPS track the exact location of the car.      More recently the rear passenger doors on the Model X were having issues closing consistently b/c of safety sensor false positives.  The software solution to the problem was for Tesla to disable the sensors so that doors close even if a person's hand is in the way. This was demonstrated by an owner putting cucumbers in the opening and letting the door cut them in half without issue.  The real kicker was that Tesla didn't put any warning about disabling the safety feature in the patch notes for the software update.      There is also his counter typical income reports for Tesla that one has to really look into to see that he's essentially claiming future income on current reports. Basically hoping he can stay ahead of the impending collapse long enough to pay the piper before it kills the company.      No doubt he's a highly intelligent person. No doubt he's been a successful business man. His vocal fans and the media love to advertise him as the white knight of capitalism but he's engaged in plenty of actions that I don't consider above board.  Again, don't take any rage or anger in here as directed at you. You asked an honest ~~answer~~ question and I've provided MY opinion of the guy.  If it's wrong or inaccurate that's my problem.      Spez: some words b/c english are hard.
They don't know what "transparent" means ... that's the point
Can I get in on that? I'll put on my best English accent, guvna
40% are far too kind to bottomfeeding propagandists.
[removed]
Maybe she is a comdienne, after all. 😂😂😂😂😂  Can we say, "damage control?"
This is a little awkward, but that's just one of his houses...
Was it 256 amendments to the Constitution or something like hat?
#WHITE SNOW?! REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
literal triggering going on in the press right now
Another reason the EPA needs to have their funding taken away. They don't do anything. They have allowed this to happen over 20 years.
Dems regularly do this.  If you ever want to know what the Dems are up to, just look at what they accuse OTHERS of doing.
This project is 100% [open source](https://github.com/phrazzld/trump-goggles) and under active development. If you have any ideas for it, I'd love to hear them!
If it weren't for Trump and those damn meddling kids.
White devils always be keeping a honky down.  Wait....what?
[removed]
That's an ass whoopin'
Acosta tags in!
HE made one tweet about it, you stupid slag. WE are the ones who are disgusted enough to quit supporting your career.  That's exactly what we, consumers, do for entertainers (if she can even call herself that)....we support your career.  If you alienate the ppl you're charged with entertaining, you're not gonna have a good time.
I listened to the FB live circus shit she just put on with her "lawyer".  Her lawyer claims she is the funniest comedian she has ever heard (LIE) and Then she commenced to say that Kathy did that with the Donald Trump mask because he said something about her a while back about blood coming from her eyes and such. And it was "satire" It was not satire, it was a publicity stunt. She said it was to target Barren. She she is an ugly boldfaced liar and even got a fake lawyer involved. Oh well you Kathy look even stupider now then you did before (if that is even possible)
Acucksta strikes again.
The Boy Scouts used to be one of the most conservative organizations out there, and would go in and clean up forest lands, rivers, beaches, etc.
LOL ACOSTA
Anyone who says they can is lying.. you can make good guesses
Jim Acosta: Climb It Authority
Worse, Jeb
They are sharing a precious moment that they had with their kid this morning! Don't REEEE about silly things that don't matter. Their kid loves President Trump, and I think that's a clear sign that they are being raised right.
basically
They will hear what they want regardless.   Trump could save a kid from a burning building and they would say he groped a little boy.
lol great answer. He's going HAM on that limp-wristed pussy.
[deleted]
Spy from da motherland reeeporting for duties...
"But the numbers we're using that have been retroactively corrected and weighted  numerous times are different!!!"
Dickosta didn't even get picked...Respect your elders you piece of shit.
###LOL, now they are quizzing him on this shit&gt;?
She's an idiot.  And she's the epitome of arrogance.  She still doesn't get it that even the goddamn DNC doesn't like her.    Much like "fetch", President HRC is never going to happen.
Send ISIS to "Bully" her head right off.
I believe they paid back the bailout money.   The rest of your point still stands.  The country was there for GM when they needed it, but they aren't there for us.
Liberal tears make sea levels rise
I can't provide any help sadly. However, yours is a story echoed across the nation and is completely abhorrent. I myself am no longer able to see my family Dr. that ive had since i was a child. I feel you my fellow American and 'pede.
Scott, why is Manhattan underwater right now?!?!?!?!?!?1
Fuck Jim "Clooney" Acosta.
[removed]
Good God acosta is a fucking globalist shill..
I kinda hope all the snowflakes in Austin rub off on UT Football..
[removed]
"What is the purpose of life?" Acosta
Fucking VERY FAKE NEWS.   Muh Arctic shelf.
It is being exaggerated
[removed]
I think I cracked the code for the puppet masters:  Does something liberals don't like = Bannon  Does something that is slightly controversial with us = Kushner  Does something to drain the swamp = Putin
You're not kidding.  I stayed in Boulder once - was 80 degrees when I went to bed, and snowing when I woke up.
[removed]
These people aren't in finance or any sort of budgetary measures within their job, if they have one.  People screaming for taxes on the US have no idea what that means or how to do it or what effect it would have on the economy.  They just scream REEEE from behind their MacBook Pro at Starbucks.  These are the same people that feel self righteous if they talk with a random minority on the street, now they feel the plight of every man.
I can't hate a guy for acting in is own best interests. Especially one as smart as he is.
ACOSTA is a climate scientist folks
It*  Edit: lol thanks for the upvotes pedes!
KIM JONG UN IS NOW THE LEADER OF THE FREE WORLD
Aww, I've never been called a "fucking nightmarish asshole" before ❤️
Wait, so she pretends to behead President Trump and then complains about the reaction? How does this make any sense?
I believe in climate change. That shit just changed in the last few hours. It was dark and cool and now it's sunny and hot. Next
Probably wrongthink.
U  know what they say about guys with big hands
Unregulated countries are largely nonwhite and therefore cannot be bad.
It's not all bad. The Kathy Griffin coverage has really helped me kick off my diet.
Wait, she had a career?
Legitimately useful.  Check out http://blog.dilbert.com/post/160986020961/goodbye-isis-hello-losers for how this could be used at scale.
95% of (polled) scientists agree!!!
I think it is harder than you think.  All of the leverage in the economy has every single asset price sky high.  The only place I think is safe is cash, and even that can come unglued if people outright reject fiat currencies.  Huge risk in precious metals as well.
Think. Not too hard. It is literally right in front of you.
Ahhhh, motherland! Beep.
I'm sick of cold winters, keep warming earth, keep warming.  I got my windows open and the AC on right now to help it along.
'scuse me while I spam this link.   [Kathy Griffin promises to go after Barron Trump](https://theconservativetreehouse.files.wordpress.com/2017/06/kathy-griffin-3.jpg)
Liberal tears
[removed]
She's the sort of woman who can't understand why no one looks at her or gives her attention the way they did when she was younger.  So now she acts increasingly unhinged to get that attention, then when people call her on it, she tries to play the victim for sympathy.  If you pay attention, you will see this play out in your own personal lives too.  Many such cases!
mothercucker
MUH ARCTIC ICE!
Am I crazy to think Barron could actually win that fight?
Well, we are precious.
Hungry hungry Hippo
I never understood having huge houses like that. If I was that wealthy I would not be spending time at home so I wouldn't need a fucking mansion.
Whenever someone says that fucking phrase I know immediately that they're an idiot.
sea levels? why do the elite buy houses right next to the ocean then?
It's called battery storage.
*420,000 assholes, 420,000.
these people have **no** idea what the heck they're talking about.  They have a literal expert in climate research in front of them and they're trying to use stats against him.
Over/under on the number of cats owned by this leftist snowflake: 4
Acucksta is the most disrespectful fucking asshole in that room. They need to kick his fucking ass out of there.
What difference does it make? - HRC
stick-into-bicycle-spokes.jpg
You dumb bastards this is really something important to rehash?  Story is so old... sad
"I would like to have a civilized discussion"-- Liar, because he wouldn't be posting a controversial opinion* on reddit if that were the case
Acosta is insufferable
[deleted]
She's almost retired anyway.  Pardon me if I don't bring out a tiny violin to play for your tears due to your pathetic stunt.
A man can dream
#DID THESE PEOPLE NEVER TAKE A SCIENCE CLASS THAT 'EDUCATED' THEM ON DIFFERENT PERIODS IN TIME? HOW THERE WERE ICE AGES AND THEN GAPS BETWEEN ICE AGES? HAVE THESE PEOPLE EVER THOUGHT THAT MAYBE WE'RE COMING OUT OF AN ICE AGE? DO THEY KNOW HOW MUCH THE DINOSAURS CONTRIBUTED TO ENDING AN ICE AGE? BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST.
Interestingly enough, what Trump did by pulling out of the agreement is having *exactly* the reactionary effect on the left that I think he intended:  Get the government *out* of the multi-national corp money grab and get the environmentalists to act on their own mantra:  "Think globally, act locally."  There's another post somewhere on Reddit that says local mayors and governors are going to adopt the provisions of the Paris agreement locally.  I applaud the move, even as a conservative.  This is what we *should* be doing, not sending our hard-earned tax dollars overseas to India and China for them to literally blow up in smoke as they see fit.  If you want to invest in green tech locally, by all means, do it!  Don't let an international agreement - shitty or otherwise - determine what you do in your own neighborhood.
Why did Gore buy a house right next to the rising sea ?
That sounds like a man who knows he has nothing left to lose.
Have to cover those illegals somehow. Have fun waiting 6 months for your life saving surgery that you need in 2 weeks.
Trump appointed Nikki Haley of the state department.
Normally, the weaker members of our gene pool would have been cleansed by a world war.  Cucks like these would be the first to die (assuming they were willing to fight in the first place)
Who cares who this guys personal views are, I don't care if he believes in a flying spaghetti monster as long as he's getting shit done for the country and following the goddamn laws. Sick of people asking about feelings and bullshit
No pig ever done that. Pigs are friendly  creatures who sacrifice their lard and belly for the betterment of human race. I'll take a porko anytime, in any case, for a liberal. And they're hated by our peacefull religion of piece. That alone makes a pig holly.
They didn't negotiate because they would sit down with Trump and when he asks, "how does this benefit the American taxpayer?" you would hear crickets
this is the move.  ask a question, dont let them answer before you start talking over them.
Ah my fault. Yes I believe this country functions better when individual states control policy rather than sweeping federal legislation.
In all fairness to Elon, the G650 ER is one of the most fuel efficient private jets out there.
It's just decent Americans turning away from you.   Stupid woman who can't stand by what her actions caused.  Real women in the real world have to make do with our integrity.  Some have it and some don't.   KG does not have any.
[removed]
totally white
Her lawyer is an idiot too.  The talk about her being denied her 1st amendment is asinine.
#I H8 ERFF
That's how they help. By making people's decisions for them.
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2004/06/0607_040607_phytoplankton_2.html  50% of the world's oxygen comes from oceanic phytoplankton. How do they make O2? Well, by absorbing CO2 from the Ocean, which is also a huge CO2 sink for atmospheric CO2 (the water absorbs it).   This article acknowledges that CO2 is absorbed by the Ocean and used by Phytoplankton to produce CO2. It isn't just trees eating CO2, it is the whole Ocean and Oceanic flora.   The article also acknowledges that the Ocean produces O2 on a 1 to 1 ratio with how much CO2 it absorbs. So, the Ocean absorbs CO2 and an equal amount of oxygen comes out. Raising CO2 levels is not a fucking problem.
lol whatthefuck
Don't engage in this sort of lowbrow bullshit. Chances are, you think it's savvy to avoid paying taxes you don't need to pay. Your opposition likes to slam people for not paying taxes, don't adopt their stances even if it's against them. Give credit where credit is due, by YOUR standards. Criticize where you think something wrong has happened, by YOUR standards. Modern political discussion needs more integrity, not less.
Denier!! You don't know anything of SCIENCE! A handful of CO2 molecules for every million molecules of air is increasing the temperature of the planet and it will kill all of us unless we return to the stone age immediately!   Except for a few thousand millionaires and billionaires of course. They get to keep using private planes, ships and islands so they can keep protecting us!
Fucking Acosta.    "You say that climate exaggerators are terrible terrible people at one extreme of the spectrum, yet I'm going to call you a climate denier at the other end of the spectrum because I'm so intelligent cause I'm a 'journalist' "
Well, who else is a customer for military satellites? It's a niche, and costly market. It's also worth mentioning that Elon nearly bankrupted himself putting his own money into the company while his rockets were blowing up like fireworks. He put his own money on the table and took risks, I have no problem with him making money on it or getting government contracts which would otherwise go to another country.
Yes, that's another good example.  The left need to be told how to think. That strategy wouldn't work with conservative news outlets because the right are capable of thinking for themselves.
really pushing anti-science, rather than talking economics
Why do people on the left think it's just propaganda?
The answer to your question is: Yes.
Where is the scientific proof that only American money given to other countries will "save the planet"?
TEH GIZZARD
Google says eq is emotional intelligence
wonder what everyone will be an expert on next week
THANKYOUUUUMR.ADMINISTRATORRRRRRRRR
😂
He needs another stumping.
i hope his dick falls off due to climate change. Do you see him not even taking notes? just looking at other peoples.
Go play your candy crush Acosta
Ahh yes the cooler Gizzy!
World will flood with liberal tears before climate change would
OMG TAX ME TO SAVE US ALL
[deleted]
America first means America first. It's not rocket surgery
#INFOWARS.COM
Scott! Scott! With Trump withdrawing from the Paris Accord aren't you afraid the US will be flooded by liberal tears and with all the cuck's heads exploding won't that increase the global temps?!
He should consider himself lucky that there is no counter for how many of us used to call ourselves "liberals".   Yeah. I voted for Obama. Once. And it was a mistake and I'm sorry.
Oh, good grief.  Get the hook on this guy.  I am old enough to remember smog in Indianapolis in the 50's,  so bad your shirt collars got black.  And now insulta: "putting your head in the sand."  How much stock does that reporter have in green energy companies?
But if the temperature rises the dinosaurs will return and eat all of us !!!!
AHAHAHAHA
Great trigger discipline!
I volunteer to help pack their bags and drive them to the airport.
[deleted]
It fuses an amount of hydrogen equal to Rosie O'Donnell's weight **every second**.
Was also very moderate. These past 8 months have been very eye opening!
They know if it moves to economics it will die.
[deleted]
Geology
I misread the headline this morning and thought they meant unemployment was the highest it's ever been. Almost made me go REEEEE  Then I realized I was an idiot.   ALL HAIL OUR GOD EMPEROR
wish i knew....wanna meet 'em
I imagine it being like the [heads exploding in Kingsmen](https://youtu.be/E1jf2hOkec4).  I even hear Pomp and Circumstance.
Newsflash:  His hummers run on biodiesel, Hydrogen, vegetable oil.  Just an FYI.  Get the facts right.  http://www.autoblog.com/2013/06/26/arnold-schwarzenegger-my-hummers-are-green/  http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2017/05/22/schwarzenegger-can-four-hummers-still-save-planet/
"Why are the sea levels rising?"  Is that a real fucking question
This is you guys right now: https://pics.me.me/we-should-improve-society-somewhat-yet-you-participate-in-society-19213023.png
Lolololololololol they are so salty.
I wonder, does she have any scheduled appearances left for us to target?
"If Ive learned anything from Hillary... its never accept responsibility for yourself!"
I fueled a fire last night and cooked steaks on it. Delicious.
I'm suggesting that people who ~~cry~~ make documentaries about carbon emissions and also have  the means to put up solar panels on their mansions, but don't may not really care about it as much as they claim to.  As far as your analogy goes, no one said you can't freely speak your mind.
Godspeed! Nice going.
I know, it's crazy, the most talked about topic dominating the front page.
Acosta is honestly fake news
infowars.com
Leaders of the new Caliphate maybe.
Can you imagine he would have been VP?   Wow we dodged a bullet.
She never expected her shows to be cancelled.  She already had that money spent.  She's freaking out.
Nightmares?      Let me take you through Afghanistan and Iraq and show you some *real* nightmares.
Another bad move that got the consequences it deserved.
Let's see.  Thus far in 2017 alone, the DNC / media has publicly attacked or tried to get fired :  Ivanka Melania Barron Kushner Sessions Trump Flynn Bannen Tillerson Nunes  O'Reilly Hannity   Call me when her dumb fucking lawyer is fighting for all of them.
what a cunt, fuck you bitch.
Kathy Griffin's career ended before dialup AOL
This is a delicious moment of schadenfreude watching this bitch implode. It will pass but let us revel in the downfall of one of the spirit cookers! Where's her Moloch now? LOL!
Don't think so? She's so sort of operative/mouthpiece for someone paying.  She blows with the wind.  I keep tabs on her nonsense, she's all over the place so it's likely shilling.  She has a weird strategy, she'll write for WaPo and other times she post her nonsense on no name small local papers when she's trying hard to shade, while not hurting the big name publications she'll write for.
#Hockey, yes man !!  \_  _   .   _/
But how do you put a number on it?
This bitch is a joke. Her phony apology and blame shifting are the only punchline to her comedy career.
Not from a Cuck.
This tank top is gold.
I wish I could have seen her face when you turned around.
Because the truth contradicts their livelihood and is propaganda to them.
That libtard bi@tch doesn't understand that going against a kid will not earn you any sympathy out of thinking human beings?
# RICH
Thanks.
army surplus store
Didn't Sean give him a heads up in which reporters to call on ? Or is Sean just snickering back there
Yes. He did it in less than 6 months. What a great man.
