You may want to cross-post to reddit.com//r/JUSTNOMIL   The nice, innocent side of me is thinking "it's cool, he's being up front about it."  The jaded, sad side of me is thinking "why the fuck is he telling you all this, and tolerating his mom meddling in his relationships?"
Why couldn't he just say "nice haircut, it looks great?" I just can't understand how someone would think that was the right thing to say right then.
Lmao, mind your own business.
&gt; Ever since Iron Man upped-the-anti of modern superhero films, I have been loving them;  ... um what that was batman begins.
I wondered that myself. It's also interesting to think that all babies until they are out of the womb aren't citizens either. So under USA laws they wouldn't have American rights either.  All that just doesn't sit right with me.
Aside from the social benefits, the mandate just makes good fiscal sense. Preventing unwanted pregnancies, or by women or families who are in no position to support a child, will save billions a year.   And from the party of family values. Give me a damn break.
Shoot, if birth is God's will so is limp dick. Cut funding to Viagra and see what happens.
My friend had one after watching his wife deliver their first child. He did it while she was still in the hospital recovering. He didn't tell her for 6 months.  No permission required.
Sounds like you had a molar pregnancy, or a  a hydatidform mole. These usually occur as a result of a nonviable pregnancy, but they're more commonly seen in the uterus. Yours just happened to implant in your fallopian tubes. Methotrexate, as you mentioned, is a common treatment as this helps destroy the cells' ability to replicate. You're quite lucky you didn't have a massive rupture. You can honestly bleed to death quite quickly had that happened, and you would have for sure had that tube and ovary removed.  Edit: Source: I'm a nurse.
Victoria's Secret has a pair of cheeky underwear that are my absolute favorite and they make my flat ass look fantastic!!
People are taking this to mean all birth control is going to be eliminated.  55 million women suddenly cut off.  Not true!  This will only affect the few religious organizations that object to it, everyone else will be unaffected.  This is important distinction, so in effect those statistics mean nothing.
Someone has a daddy daughter fetish.
Hose him next time he pulls something.
For reals! Love is not something that should be difficult, and you should definitely turn away at the first sign of trouble! /SSSSS!!!  What kind of advice is that?!  A problem with someone other than your SO should not end the relationship..... BF has a dumbass mom, that could change and either way, it is not the person that she is in the relationship with....  This sucks OP, but if you think that you two might have a future, stay in it longer, he has not done anything wrong, SHOW the mom that she is wasting her time with the ex by being the best gf that you can be to her son..... good luck!
I'm not even a woman, and I still cannot see what the big hang up is with birth control. Why is it so evil? I'd go so far as to say it should be free for anyone who asks for it, because that would end up being cheaper in the long run.
I agree with you. I'm pro-choice in Louisiana which means I'm in the minority for my area.   I can see why some people are pro-life and they have some very good arguments, even if I don't ultimately agree with them. Both sides of the issue need to realize that the other side has some valid, solid points for their views, or else it wouldn't be such a huge controversy. Sometimes we need to stop fighting so hard to push our own views and take a step back and just breathe. Agree to disagree. At least acknowledge the intelligence in the other side even if you think there isn't much of it.  For me personally, what I find frustrating is that I think the issues surrounding abortion are largely connected to women's health issues, which end up getting ignored because people are too busy fighting in circles over abortion.
It actually does say that in the quran.
It would be if I had $20. Unfortunately, I paid all my monthly bills (I know, I'm stupid, right?) and now have $14 to live on for the next week and a half.
The problem is that it could very easily be serious.  You need to see a doctor.  Finding harmless explanations isn't so harmless if it means you miss something serious because you convinced yourself not to worry about it.
Jesus christ
Luckily, no. I only dated a few guys before meeting my husband and they were all good guys. I had very high standards so I didn't settle for any jerks. Being really pretty, but also really into going to church, not having casual sex and being socially awkward is actually a pretty good way to weed out the crappy guys and just get the good ones.
If you need a lawyer for this you have no moral compass. The obvious answer is that the value of a human life is NOT dependent on the feelings of its mother towards it. That notion is completely amoral in every sphere of law and human morality.
See this is all because of the fucking correspondence dinner where Obama was making fun of Trump. Trump is trying to undo everything Obama did good or bad. Trump was never so belittled in his life and he is petty enough that he has been wanting revenge since. He will never let it go until he passes. That's the level Trump works at.  Trump was  so angry he could've exploded. You can see him turning bright red from his usual orange. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8TwRmX6zs4
I don't mean to like, try to convince you to be poly, because you know what's best for you and I don't know you from Adam. But at least for me, being poly has nothing to do with sexual satisfaction. It's more like different people have different interests and activities you can do together, both sexually and non-sexually.
More backwards ass BS by the worst president ever
Religious beliefs, people flexing their power, and the sheer will to "save people from themselves." Hey, we're a hop, skip, and a jump away from Gilead.
[This](https://www.google.com/search?q=assured+pregnancy+test&amp;client=ms-android-sprint-us&amp;source=android-browser&amp;prmd=sivn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjd_P38sJvUAhVrxoMKHaJmCUsQ_AUICigC&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=512#imgrc=wZ8yJAwVRF-68M:)  at the bottom it shows the invalid one.    Edit: it's on the right
I legitimately thought you posted this on the wrong subreddit...
Well like, a lot of parts of the Bible reflect a culture that saw women as the property of their father or their husband. That's basically what rape culture is at the root -- an entitlement to women's bodies as property.
You do you, but there's a difference in wearing children's clothes and wearing childish clothes.   All of my jeans are from the children's section at target because they fit me and are half the price of adult pants, but you would never know they were children's pants unless I told you. but if you're wearing really childish clothes that are obviously from justice, that's your call, just accept that people may judge you.   There are plenty of other ways to dress modest and cute and not sexy though without looking like you're 8.
Grrr. Just grrr
It's definitely a human life -- but the question is, at what point does it get rights?  Personally, I think that because the fetus is dependent on the woman's body to survive -- it does not have autonomy, and therefore should not be granted the same rights as the mother.
Your consciousness argument doesn't work. I agree with the right to an abortion, but, I would still feel horrible doing it. What about a prenatal baby on life support. Would it be alright for a person to smother that baby and kill it just because it can't survive on its own? Does a baby become conscious as soon as it's born? If not is it ok to kill a child as soon as it leaves its mother. It can't survive on its own then? This is an amazingly interesting question op posted.
I think it's very normal and understandable to have some anxiety, especially if you've had an abnormal pap in the past.  Anxiety to the point where you're crying uncontrollably and obsessively doubting to the point where you can't tolerate it is I think more suffering than someone without an anxiety disorder would likely have.  Put your hands up and step away from Google ;)  Take good care of yourself, do soothing, nurturing things, and try to keep your mind busy.  Hopefully it's over quickly and you get good news.
Most conservative atheists I've encountered are more conservative in terms of economic policy and national security, rather than conservative about gender roles. The idea of "traditional gender roles" in Western society is definitely tied to Christianity, even if not everyone who follows those roles is a Christian.
Uncontrollable? How about going to the emergency room with cramping so excruciating you practically pass out? What if birth control is the only thing that works to keep that pain away?
Initially read this as "Trump Will Rick Roll Obamacare Birth Control..."  He WILL give you up. He WILL let you down.
Does it become a person with rights once the umbilical cord is cut? I'm trying to work out your stance here. When exactly does the baby become a separate person with the right to not be killed?
It's sexist but inconsequential.  It's like painting a circle in the park that is the same as all other places in the park and say "only men here!"  I'm like "Yeah this is dumb guys and it's really stupid and I object on principe but you can have your stupid circle in the park and I will just sit comically close to the line out of irony."  I mean don't get me wrong; it's stupid but I'm not going to lose sleep over it in a world where men get 1/3 higher sentences for the same crime and women are forced to wear back-destroying footwear by their employers.  I also have nothing with this supposed "feminist icon"; she is and was always there to sell sex an that's fine but please let's not act like she's some feminist icon. She's a female superhero; that's it. Being a feminist in any case has balls to do with the gender of the person, just what that person says. If Superman suddenly goes all about combating workplace discrimination against women and freeze breathing employers who require their female staff to wear high heels then he would be a feminist superhero. The trailer also aroused the impression that her being a woman is a super big deal which annoys me; no one is like "Look guys, Batman is male, did we tell you he was male already? Look how male he is."
Haha, almost exactly my experience. No complaints about my exes.
Evolutionary biologists have long ago discovered the reason for men being attracted to breasts is biological. Men are subconsciously attracted to features that indicate good child-raising ability, like big breasts and wide hips. Do you really think men wouldn't be attracted to breasts if we allowed women to freely expose them?
You're excused, but I fail to see what's wrong with me seeking team-mates here. That is, from a place where I find the people to be intelligent, often of similar mind-set to myself, and unlikely to present the major set-backs that new friends gathered from the internet usually does. It's hard enough to find new gaming friends without being told I cannot seek them here.
period = no kids.
Do they want more abortions? Because that's how we end up with more abortions.
I think what the author means is kind of the start when superhero movies began to be mainstream? Like, the marvel cinematic universe has managed to attract a vastly more diverse viewership than the either gritty (nolan) or over the top cartoony (burton) batman movies. For me personally I would put the start of tv modern superhero movies either at the Tobey maguire spiderman Films or the xmen movies, but the first Iron Man is definitely the starting point when the superhero cash machine really Started to explode. Marvel's Franchise and marketing plan was far, far more impressive than the idea of a self-contained bat trilogy, which might be the author s concept of 'modern'. I'm not saying Nolan s movies were qualitatively worse than the Marvel ones, but I can understand why some people would count Iron Man as the start of something new.
Sorry if this is an ignorant question: but are you referring to something like a circumcision, or something different?
&gt; I'm not okay in this situation giving someone money and not having a say/opinion in what we're doing.  If this is how you feel, never agree to be a bridesmaid again.  You don't need to be easy going, but you need to know you're not easy going and avoid this situation in future.  &gt;So I don't understand why she didn't ask what everyone's budget was before she started planning since she decided to plan it all herself.  Because honestly, $150 per bridesmaid is pretty cheap.    &gt;I would have said why don't we get an idea of everyone's budget, what they can afford.  You're not the MOH.  You are a helper, not the leader.  &gt;to me and Bridesmaid #1 it hurts that she won't be there to help celebrate and have a good time with everyone.  Bridesmaid #1 is gone all summer and that makes it very hard to include her.  Plus, it is her battle to fight.  You're going to start a lot of drama when you bring up why you're unhappy about the shower.  This is a combination of you not liking the MOH and you wanting to have more say.  I don't think it is worth the hassle.
I'd rather not, I don't know him that well and I don't want to make things awkward.  Thanks though.
I say *potential* human because not every pregnancy results in a baby.   The nature of our universe is that there will always be death.
I live in Canada and I've never had my birth control covered by my employers insurance plan (or my Alberta Health), ever. It's *controversial*. It's the fucking nuva-ring.
If you cant afford to buy a more expensive test, try planned parenthood
My taxes going to good use.
Not weird at all! That's definitely something to be proud of.  I've read a lot of articles that suggest exercise can actually help period cramps, do you think that's the case? Maybe if nothing else it would distract you for long enough to forget you were cramping haha.
Does she work or have other responsibilities that keep her busy during that time? Are her friends unavailable during those times? Usually telling someone else when they can hang out with their friends is controlling. But if she is spending all her free time with her friends and none with you, that is a red flag.
They are awesome. Hands down the kindest medical care I have ever had.
I think you should look up female genital mutilation. I believe that is what OP is referring to.
All parties should be required to consent to such a contract. The child is a party.
Thank you! This was so so helpful and there were things in here that I hadn't even considered but are going to make things much easier. Again, thanks!
Actually, the bride's family should NOT be involved in the shower. It's a form of gift-begging, and no family of the bride should be involved in that. The bride would DEFINITELY not be involved in that. http://www.marthastewartweddings.com/228680/etiquette-bridal-showers  That said, there is no reason why you can't just throw your own shower, at a time when all of you can make it. Just say, "I'm of sorry - your family is doing such a great job, and we (the Bridesmaids) would like to do the traditional thing and throw our own shower. Which of these 5 dates works for you?"
What about the child though? Imagine not having the information about who your parents are. I'd be livid.
Unlikely but yeah.  Just bite the bullet, take a test (a cheap one from a drugstore is fine), and reassure yourself that you're not pregnant.  You really probably aren't--Plan B has hormones that can fuck up your natural cycle a little, hence why your period was wonky.
It just doesn't make much sense to me, financially, for insurance through my employer not to cover birth control. I mean, less pregnancies, less paid time off for maternity leave, right?
So first, let me say that I'm very sorry you're in this position. It was a terrible thing you went through that was not your fault in any way. Furthermore, it's super shitty to be living with someone so unsupportive.  The first thing I'd share with him would be [this article about "How not to say the wrong thing."](http://articles.latimes.com/2013/apr/07/opinion/la-oe-0407-silk-ring-theory-20130407)  It's pretty universal as it pertains to trauma, in that you don't complain about the trauma's effect on you to the person whose trauma it is. He is making your trauma about him and that's super fucking low.  The other thing you might suggest is that he consult an attorney. He doesn't get to decide if your rapist goes to jail. His testimony's just a piece of the puzzle. IANAL, but I think there may be other issues for him if he refuses to testify or if he lies, since he's been subpoenaed.
Do you honestly believe that in 47 states women can walk around topless without the risk of being arrested?
Everyone reacts differently to the insertion. Some women feel next to nothing, some experience extreme pain.   I would say, to be safe, plan to have an easy day post-insertion. That way if you feel crappy, you won't have to cancel any plans.
Wow. Your parents are assholes.
That's not a problem with pro-choice position, its a problem with homicide laws. I don't think that should be considered a double-homicide. It should be considered the killing of one person and the snuffing out of one potential that was partially along the way to becoming a person, but not one yet.
This is what I'm thinking. This hasn't gone into effect yet has it??
Your family sounds invasive and manipulative. Get away as soon as you can and be around normal people who don't use passive-aggressive nastiness to control you.
Totally!  One time I was eating with a couple of girls. My friend was at the counter buying his stuff and asked if we wanted something else to eat. I told him I would buy whatever I wanted.  He walked out of there, throwing a tantrum saying I was full of attitude. My girl friends were like 'you shouldn't have said it like that in front of everyone'. Well, they were eating something which I had paid for. He didn't talk to me for a while. I ended up crying and apologising because his friend was being so rude saying stuff to me and spreading rumours.
Hi, this would be better suited for /r/askwomenadvice. Please read the rules there before posting.
"Tell me a joke then, oh wait your face is enough of one." Then smile huge and sashay away.
You are most likely talking about the castle doctrine which is often misunderstood as that you supposedly have the right to shoot anyone who walks on your property.  The difference is that in most places as far as self-defence laws go you have a duty to retreat if this is reasonably possible before resorting to deadly force which still requires that someone has intent to kill you if running away is just as effective as fighting you should run.  The castle doctrine says that in your own home or private property you no longer have that obligation. You may resort to deadly force if someone has intent to kill (sometimes even to steal) even if retreat is available as an option to protect your property.  You most certainly can't just shoot someone who is lost and arrives at your property clearly having no intent to harm you or to steal anything; you may certainly ask that person to leave and have that person arrested for trespassing if s/he chooses not to however.
Yep, I learned that one the hard way after an ex-boyfriend of mine yelled something at a passing car and the dude got out and started beating the crap out of them. There's some seriously mentally unhinged people in this world.
Your anger is totally valid.  Your anger can keep you safe from harm. Don't necessarily think that you have to get rid of it.  My mom is mentally ill and has done a lot of shitty things to me, starting when I was a child. Because of her, and her actions, there is a part of me that is broken, and I will never be what I would have been, had she not broken me. I'm not saying this because I want pity, or expect people to treat me in a special way; I say it because it is true.  To this day, I can have a hard time resisting her. I have had a hard time resisting other abusive people who have authority over me, I think because of that broken part.  The thing that has saved me in many situations is my anger. If I can get angry, then I won't just fold and go passive when someone is trying to hurt me. I won't give up and lock myself in my head and go through whatever someone is trying to force me into. I will fight back. I will scream. I will hit. I will make crazy threats if that's what it takes to get whatever asshole has latched on to me away.   I'm not angry all the time. Mostly I'm pretty happy, and excited by life.   I don't love being angry when I need to be angry. I wish I had a better way to defend myself than getting angry. But in 15+ years of therapy, getting angry is the thing that has - time and again - helped me defend myself.  So now, when I need my anger, I embrace it.   Therapy really helped me to figure out when I need to embrace it and when it's OK to put it down.  If you're still angry, and you need your anger, keep it. It's valid. It's helpful.   It's *especially* helpful if you still have any relationship with your parents and they try to gaslight you or force more abuse on you.   If that's the case, and your anger keeps you safe, then yes, keep that anger and use it for good.  Therapy can help you learn how to manage that.   The important thing is to remember that anger is like any other strong emotion - it can be a force for good or a force for bad. It's up to you to figure out which it is, and use it properly.
Amazing advice, but shit that is depressing.
&gt; But what's the point that YOU get to make that decision?  Until birth. That's why they have elective c-sections.
I agree that all genders should be encouraged to take that leap of faith and pursue someone. It sucked growing up waiting for crushes to notice *me* because I was so sure if *I* made the first move, the universe would implode or something. The social convention was so strong. Dances were the worst because it would have been seen as "desperate" or forward to ask a guy to dance, instead of the other way around.
I don't see why that hypothetical is relevant or needed here. We all know fetuses are not aware, talking human beings but people still want to give them rights over the bodies of women who actually are aware, talking human beings.
Yay because so many problems will be solved when we take away birth control. Women will just "keep it in their pants" and there will be no need for abortion either. Win win! /s
For anyone interested, he said these things as a teen on his blog in 2002. One would hope that this many years later his views may have matured a little. Don't say stuff on the internet that you'll regret or can't own.
I guess this is all part of The Donalds ingenious **conception** to make America Great again.
All the men on this sub is really annoying. I barely read comments because of how many are from men and would probably never post here for women's feedback since it's so many dudes. It's pretty annoying that they seem to miss the whole fucking point that people post here for women's replies and continue to comment so frequently.
This is the beginning of the dystopian world of The Handmaid's Tale.
Less family planning =    More babies born to families that can't afford more kids =     Less kids put to school =    More stupid electorate =     More easy dumb rage votes.    Sounds like a plan!
I live in California. I selfishly am praying that we start pushing to secede if it gets worse. This is the beginning of the end.
I think you're best bet is to go to a salon. It's not the cheapest, but it's probably a good idea to let a professional handle it at this point. Home hair coloring is really damaging to your hair, and you've already died it super quickly even though you just got your hair done.   They might not even be able to do anything for quite some time either.
Male and female feminists are obviously one step further than male and female conservatives.
I would search the internet to find local groups of like-minded folks. Of course be safe while you do so. :)
Find a way to highlight your strengths and keep good hygiene. Then just keep your good friends close and ignore the rest unless they approach you in a friendly manner. I used to go through this in my early high school years and then it stopped once those girls realised that there are more better qualities to look for in people than attractiveness. I'm assuming you're young, since older people are mature enough to not be this mean.
Lots of women use the birth control to manage their periods. Some women have debilitatingly intense ones(my sister) it's not even about sex or babies for them:/
Negative, dogs are out, ducks are in. Next will be goats, so get it before that happens.
I didn't. It was deleted, but not by me, and now has been restored apparently. I don't get how that is bragging of any sort. I could barely hold myself together.
It incorporates that
It is my arguments sorted chronologically by the times that I came up with them. Does it affect their validity in any way?  Also they are related by giving this article some well needed criticism.  It seems you are challenged by these ideas and due to you not being able to formulate any meaningful comprehensible answer to the critique, you start to try to insult me.
25% is still awfully bad gamble.
High five! Progress is an awesome thing with depression no matter what form it comes in. My wife struggles very badly with depression and I have learned to celebrate the victories over it no matter what they look like. Its a long hard fought war to be sure but you just won a battle with it. You have good cause to be happy about that. Be inspired and build on that. It can be a spring board for more victories. Celebrate them, each one as they come. Best of luck to you!
That's reasonable. I feel similarly sometimes, which was a factor in making this post. As a man, not wanting to pursue someone almost guarantees that I don't meet someone.
Important to note: With an IUD you also need to wait about a week or two before it's effective.  Your doctor should tell you the details.  Also, getting an STD could ruin your life with these, so be very careful.  They will bring any infection up to the uterus and it will be near impossible to cure.  So stay protected!  I got mine after I'd chosen who will be my partners for life.  Also, even if the best professional does it, it still hurts like Satan.  I once had a flashback to how bad it was and was uncomfortable for like an hour.  Also, it's worth it. 😊
Tell her that if she wants to be taken seriously, to seek proper diagnosis and care.
You shouls read the rules
I'm sorry to invade your sacred space, but many women who have replied seem to agree with the op's sentiment.  Also, there's not a popular men's sub or unisex sub for gender discussions (r/menslib is a good one, but not a lot of people know about it, and r/twoxchromosomes is a default, so everybody knows about it), so many of us think this is a good place for gender discussions.
I'm trans.  I didn't chase people when I was pretending I was a man either.  It still just worked out though.  Got married, had a kid and everything.
Other than the fact that I'm almost certain this "Grieving Families Act" with be used to restrict abortions in the future, the most glaring thing about it is how little it does to actually help grieving families. It may provide solace to a grieving woman (as a person who's experienced this loss, I don't say this lightly) but what else can you do with a non-viable fetus certificate?   The certificate doesn't entitle you to free counseling or healthcare. It doesn't help families get coverage for fertility treatments, which is not a mandated coverage in Florida. Will it be used by the ACA replacement as further, damning proof of a pre-existing condition? As someone who had lost a pregnancy and suffers with infertility, it sickens me that grieving families are being exploited most likely to push another agenda.
True oppression.  The man who wrote that email is a sexist POS. It reads like MensRights satire.  &gt; The Alamo Drafthouse announced that they would host all-female screenings of 'Wonder Woman' beginning June 2. The theater faced a lot of backlash and accusations of sexism, but the Drafthouse answered criticism by announcing more all-female screenings.   Lollll I love it
You need to contact the card company and the IRS and prove identity theft.
My ex spent six years in a deep depression. I wish she had gone to the gym, or cleaned a few dishes, or gone for a walk, or hell, even taken a shower. (Yes, she was in treatment. Even hospitalized a few times. Didn't work.)  I'm proud of you.
Awesome idea, the list is growing. I need to sit down and schedule all of this fun now.
Telling him that his opinions are likely due to medical illness is a great way to invalidate and start some deep shit with someone (possibly relationship ending).  Please take this person's advice with scoop of salt.
Fair enough! Let's wait for OP to clarify though.
You didn't read my post at all, did you. Egalitarianism is a **long-standing class of philosophical principles**, not an activist group. It is **not** specifically about sex or gender. However, many influential philosophers and social justice advocates, both now and in the past, could be described as holding egalitarian viewpoints.
Well if you are over 18 you should move out.If youre under 18 you should tell your mother,and if she doesnt want to leave him you should move in with a relative.
We're talking about people online, mostly sexist men, who claim to be egalitarians so they can shit on feminism
Hey, it looks like Streamswimmer has got you covered on the process, but I'm giving you an internet hug and I'm just sorry that your dad is such a piece of shit like that.
If the women doesn't want it there, don't risk putting it there.  She's the one with the choice to its existence.  A fetus didn't make a choice to be there.
Maybe ask the doctor about drug induced menopause?
Check your local wiretap laws before you do anything with the recordings.
Hahahaha, should have known! Better not answer my father's question, lest I answer wrong and he steals my identity!  What the hell is wrong with you?
I'm sure it does happen, but culturally we have a HUGE issue where we point the finger at rape victims. What the point is 9 times out of 10 the examples I gave the victim is seen as just that, an innocent victim. Where as often rape victims are talk they were "asking for it" or put themselves in that position.   I like that instead of being worried about rape you're coming at me calling be stupid and pointing out an obvious out correct.
If you lend someone your car, you can't be upset with them for driving it.
You seem like a crappy SO.
Because some people aren't comfortable with immorality.
Then how do you justify killing a human being just to avoid having to carry on your pregnancy? The world is very convenient in that you have  a delay of 12 weeks before the brain develop, so just do it before that time.   After that you can still abort, but the reason why you want to do that must become more and more serious the more the pregnancy develop.
Hey mate, I can relate to this situation (long story). I suspect that you feel torn because you think it will be disloyal to your dad if you take legal action against him. You also love him and don't want to hurt him.  This is textbook narcissistic abuse mate. People with these issues never accept responsibility for their actions. Unfortunately, moving on emotionally, will require acknowledging that you will never get an answer as to why he treats you poorly. Sending love, from Australia.
You could always out-Jesus him and say you forgive him...  I'd crucify him, personally.
Who said anything about abortions at 9 months? This isn't a post asking for your opinion on abortion, this is somebody with real world familial and financial troubles who's asking for help dealing with that.
Lol helpful great input
If the woman wasn't responsible for it being there, I'd agree with you.
&gt; the discussion is whether the right of abortion stems from a right to self-defense or the nonperson-hood of the fetus  It stems from bodily autonomy - the ability to govern (make decisions for) your own body.  No one makes those decisions but yourself for as long as you possess bodily autonomy.  You are the judge, jury and executioner when it comes to if, when and how your body is used by another.
Honestly, i know it wouldn't be the easiest thing, but considering this conservative prick won't so much as even speak to you, I personally would file a lawsuit for credit fraud.
Look into Krav Maga. No matter your size, there's a way to use it to your advantage.
I'm not saying she's not the victim at all. He definitely doesn't deserve another chance but considering she posted this here after getting that response I'm inclined to think she doesn't want to do the obvious thing and report him. So the only other option is to make it more clear to him what the consequence would be if he doesn't pay. I don't know anything about her financial situation but to some people having that relationship might be more important to them. Not saying how she should prioritize, but it's obviously way easier for all of us to say report him since it's the rational thing to do. Problem is doing the rational thing isn't always what we want.
You're welcome. Good luck with everything!
That makes sense. I shouldn't focus on a spark so much. Thank you :)
&gt;Perhaps you should explain what you "think" I said that was contradictory  So can conjoined twins can legally kill one another?  I am pointing out the fact that you said abortion is okay because one form of life relies on the other/is attached to it like a parasite. the same can be said for conjoined twins.  can a conjoined twin legally kill the other? It's the same premis
&gt; You're framing the word "receive" as something negative   Yes, because it acts like women are the passive "recipients" of sex, while men are the ones actively "giving it" to the women.  The phrasing makes it sound like sex is something done to women by men.  When the truth is both parties are actively participating in the act together.
It's not just women. It's been proven that it's something like 73% of people in general have some sort of domination fantasy. But that doesn't include everyone, so you can't just blanket statement all women like that.
Many people who are pro-life base this belief on religious grounds, stereotypically Christianity.  However, stealing from you kin and defrauding people is not very Christian.
Www.annualcreditreport.com  If you live in the us get a free credit report 3 times a year to better avoid things like this and check it earlier
First save that message and let her try that.  File a police report and watch who is getting some jail time.
He stole from his own daughter each and every time he used the fraudulent card. That is illegal. He can use any defense in a court of law he so desires. But he made his bed, and he should keep in it.   OP, please report him. He fucked you over with *plenty* of chances to stop. He doesn't care about your financial wellbeing, and you should protect yourself. **He has your SSN, he can do this again at any time. There is only one way to stop him. Alert the authorities.**   Edit: also, reporting a crime is *not* revenge. It's justice. **Do not conflate the two.**
Even if it's your father I think you should still turn him in. What he has done is not right
That's really shitty, we're all people still.  We all deserve respect.
What the fuck is wrong with you? He ran his fingers through her hair and touched her waist. Nothing about that is normal from a stranger. That's not a fucking compliment.   Because you misogynists are capable of understanding anything not male centric, let me put it into your finite perspective:  Let's say your girlfriend was waiting for you outside. Guy compliments her hair. You wouldn't be upset, right?   Now lets say he put his hands through her hair, on her waist, and say he wanted to please her and that she should give him a kiss. You'd be furious. Why? Because his touch is *inappropriate*. She didn't consent. He shouldn't have done it. End of story.
Ask your manager if they can add in a little something in the bathroom for you to store your items. I did that and got a little three drawer bin that I can just toss my supplies in to.
Thank you so much. I'm terrified of him growing up and being hurt by her or confused. It's selfish of me but I'm also concerned about her confusing him enough that she turns him against me. She's done that with one of her other kids step mother.
No.
Are you not allowed to give your child up for adoption if you don't see yourself as a fit parent?
I know, right? Dumping someone who lies to you makes me terrible. :P
It makes sense. I have actually volunteered through my local RRC, as they were the organization that got me on the right path after all the bullshit hack job "therapists" before them.
Age?
Respect him as he gets older and you'll have his heart forever.
Well, to be fair, I'm a pretty paranoid person. Alliteration aside, I'm cautious about anyone who approaches me. I'll usually just ask them to respect my space, although few actually do. Too many crazies in the world these days. Too much risk for too little reward.
This type of behavior definitely shows that something is deeply wrong with the fathers state of mind.   From OPs post it sounds like he recently lost his wife (her mom?) as well? He could be deeply emotionally unstable right now.   Not excusing this behavior but 100% AGREE. The siblings need to know he's acting this way.
http://www.rachelsvineyard.org
I'd say if both of you truly believe that you keeping up the home while he is out working is equal contribution, go for it.  If there is any resentment because of perceived unfairness, goodbye happy days.  It sounds like you would maybe like working part-time, anyway, so that you don't feel bad about yourself.  This would also ensure that you have continuing work experience in case of future changes.  Change WILL happen, so best to make sure you do not leave yourself high and dry because things were so # years ago.
Thanks ! And no worries i'm a safety freak. ;)
"proof"  when was this test performed? a month ago? a week ago? an hour?  you can easily have  a couple partners within a week or day span and that test basically means shit then.  again like i said, some care about partners some don't  everyone has their right to that opinion. You might find it a turn off if a guy has been with more than 8 girls....  that's no shame on you, your not a disgusting shitty person for not being into him. That's your damn preference.
nice try that's 5'6"   And a double standard is exactly twice the options of a standard
I'd argue men are predisposed to find innocent women more sexually attractive by default.  I wish i was attracted to fat ugly women.  Id have an inifinite pool of sex partners to pull from with almost no effort.
&gt;It's a little insulting to compare a human being to a car, don't you think?  No, duh.  If i thought it was insulting i wouldn't have insulted myself.   (and it was an analogy, to make it easy to comprehend)
Receipts: (aka yes it is)   https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/battery
Me either and I'm a Christian man from the United States.
Your doctor is an idiot. I'm taking the mini pill right now because I get migraines with aura and my family has a history of strokes. It works great at keeping me from getting pregnant (and I'm not breastfeeding).
Thanks!  I also hope they come back negative.  The good news so far is that I called my doctor from 3 years ago (the one who did my last pap) who added that I tested negative for HPV.  I had no idea I was even tested for it.
The cinema wouldn't do it without asking the filmmakers first. Look I'm just not going to see it now. And that's okay. It's not wrong or right it just is. If you want to see it feel free.
From what you describe it sounds like he was pressing on your ovary with a deep touch. If he was feeling a cyst, he might have caused the cyst to leak or bust -- which would explain your sudden pain.   Have you noticed any bloating in your abdomen? When you're eating do you feel full sooner than normal?
Then get the quote right - here it is again, "I think we tacitly consent to eye contact, speech, and a **little** bit of touch just by being human."  I don't really interact with kids much. I wouldn't feel too weird touching one's shoulder while saying hi as a greeting I guess, depending on context.
https://glitterslutblog.tumblr.com/  this might help you :)
Aziz Ansari's book ("Modern Romance") is an awesome read and has some dope pragmatic advice that I immediately used (and am currently reaping the benefits of). Establish common ground. Keep the messaging to a minimal amount (rather than having a long textual preamble). Invite him to something specific. In my case, I went with a, "Hey, I know we both like cribbage. Want to hit a board game cafe on Sunday?"  Worked like a charm.  It gets easier and you're gonna do great!
This is my biggest fear. I wouldn't wish it on anyone and I don't want dealing with a depressed kid in my future because it can kill a family (see: mine via my depressed sister).
It's likely HSV - 1. Smaller outbreaks. Less frequent recurrence.   Got it in 2008 from oral sex. Have had 1 breakout since the original one due to severe stress following a pepper spaying incident. Honestly I'm not a heathen just um interesting?!  You will be fine. I promise.   The chances of you passing it on are minimal given that most people have HSV 1 antibodies.
And thusly America continues its war on its own children with no foreseeable benefit to anyone but prisons.
Right but the body-shaming isn't just the ad, it's the entire story behind the film. The whole point of the film is that these vain princes have been turned into dwarves, and must reverse their curse by getting kissed by Snow White. Except now she's fat &amp; dumpy (therefore unattractive) and it takes a magical item for them to see her REAL (read: thinner) beauty. So far, no redeeming qualities for this flick.
Congratulations
wish i had more upvotes to give!       congratulations!
Happy for you. Go out and enjoy tour new life!
Or even more, congrats!
Congratulations, go live the Shit out of life.
I mean, an awful lot of people commit suicide....
Yay OP!!!
Congratulations ☺️ nice to hear some good news! 🌺
Ya I agree with that. As a guy (and a bit of a gym rat) I think it's really cool when a woman is (and looks) strong. Definitely true that some people disagree, but screw them. Live your life for you. Find people that appreciate you for you.
That's fantastic news!!!!!
I appreciate your comment. Would you recommend her trying to get one, assuming anything and everything could go right/wrong?
So glad for you! My brother is almost at his one year mark :)
Aside from all the anti religious, anti feminist, anti blah de blah crap (all of which is bullshit and meaningless), you really only need to know one thing.  First time sex is awful. It doesn't start getting good until you've had a few goes at it and you start learning about your body, what you like, how you like it.  It starts to get really good when you have lost your inhibitions for your partner (which you'll still feel for a good while after first having sex with them), and when you eventually feel free to relax and enjoy yourself without wondering if you're doing it right - it's not a particularly complex activity so, you should figure it out pretty quick.  As for "the one".  There is no such thing.  You'll get you head all filled up with all kinds chemicals that make you feel giddy and gushy, the fact is sex with different people is different.  Personally I never thought anything special of virginity.  There's not much particularly interesting about a virgin or being one.  It's a retarded metric that teenagers coming into sexual activity aspire to in order to define themselves as procreating adults, and lasts about 5 minutes. You should be more focused instead on the love and passion you have for your partner, which could last a lifetime.
I did this until I got pregnant. We moved to be closer to his work which made it impossible for me to go to my work (it paid a little over minimum wage and was an hour away). I cleaned, helped fix up our house, and did yard work. I still consider myself a feminist. It was what was right for our relationship. My husband did expect that I do the majority of the house work which is fair. There are only a few things that he does around the house. I would just talk to him about your concerns.
That isn't what emergency services are there for. What you feel is irelevant. If there is a crime being committed emergency services are there for you. If you need to report a crime you do not use emergency help lines but visit a police station or use another reporting mechanism when convenient. Police are not there for your feelings, sorry.
Now go do something you've never done before!
There is nothing wrong with calling the police in an active domestic situation that could escalate to an assault. He has not yet committed a crime, but that doesn't mean involving the police is wrong. Right or wrong the police are called regularly for non-criminal issues (i.e. child custody disputes gone awry).
I love my Paragard. I'm guessing that your sis is thinking about Skyla or Mirena (since she wants something to suppress her period) so I can't comment on that. But I will say that I got my IUD inserted when I was a 20 year old virgin. I've had it for 7 years now. It was painful, but not so painful that it made me groan or cry out or anything like that. Good luck to your sister!
Hey! It's my brother's 5 year mark for (pediatric) brain cancer, too! Congrats!!!
Yes!! Amazing :)
Yes girl I am so happy for you!!! Congratulations! I am SO proud of you for fighting and staying strong! Here's to many more years of cancer-free life! 🍻🍹
Ugh, as a guy, I feel like I have to apologize for MadMalcom81's views. This dude is so wrong about so many things.
It sounds like given the situation, you may never be able to get all the details on what happened, in terms of degree of consent.  And of course, people can say "yes" to something at the time, and still have very difficult and valid feelings after the fact as they try to come to terms with what happened in the heat of the moment.  I would say that the most important thing is to treat the feelings and the physical responses with gentleness and care - maybe not having sex in that position, and allowing yourself to choose positions that feel emotionally safe for you.  I also have some memory gaps in my past that I may never be able to completely fill in.  It's a hard thing to come to terms with.  What's made the most sense for me is to honour the feelings and try to understand them without necessarily pushing too hard at the missing memories.  They may come back, or they may never come back.  You can't really force it.
Interesting.
To quote another commenter further down; However, looking at OP's post history it seems we've got an attention seeking nutcase, so don't go breaking your keyboards.  You guys are such trollbait.
Congratulations! I'm doing the happy dance right now for you.
Yeah he does and I truly don't care, I just should've had the forethought to realize that cuz I didn't wanna see it
"You're really hot for a blind chick"  Um.
God bless
I love this! Thank you for your perspective!
This is encouraging to hear. Thank you for your feedback.
My legs are on point!  Running and riding are magic :)
But we are talking about relationships, not science experiments that use hypothesis to predict behavior.   So maybe a person had a period where they had a lot of casual relationships. In that time that's where they were at, but then they meet another person, and they have a relationship and the sex they have together is deep and meaningful because of what they share together. You can have both in your long long life, times where you may experience more casual or brief relationships/sexual encounters... and also have meaningful deep passionate sex with someone who can become your long term relationship.   We are all on our own personal journeys, and we all want to find connection. Just because sometimes you want the excitement of a fling does not mean you can't also enjoy a long term monogamous relationship.   Notice I left gender out of what I've said so far, because attitudes can go both ways. There are girls who are looking for 'good' men, just as there are men looking for 'pure' girls.   And one issue your scenario has is what if a person gets in what they think is a LTR but it blows up after a few months. Shit happens. Also many people start dating and sex in their teens. They may not be 'slutty' but that same person at 23 may have had partners in the double digits. Not because they were promiscuous, but because that's where their dating experience has led them.   Your implication is based on an assumption of a person's capability of intimacy because of a number. That's false, it honestly is. You could meet someone who is just the right person for you. Amazing, makes you want to be a better person, makes you laugh, makes the world a brighter place... and you'd toss that person away because they had more sex than you? It's such an arbitrary thing. The only thing that is important is they want to be with you and that you are both on the same page with the kind of relationship you want and your expectations going forward. Past is past, and shouldn't matter. Only the future does.
I've heard a lot of good reviews about that book! Definitely my next read. I really do like the direct, casual approach - it just reduces the pressure of the situation.
I am a fan of your comment.
Yea, if you're physically and financially able I recommend giving crossfit a try.  It helps to have trainers that can help guide you in proper form and reps as you're getting started.   Usually, crossfit gyms have free (or cheap) intro classes on the weekends to get people in the door. You can check it out. Ask questions. Get some inspiration from the other crossfit women. It's not as intimidating as it seems on YouTube.
Wonderful, so glad for you.
personally i think the mother should have full control over her own body and whether to carry the baby or not, BUT if the man doesn't want it and the woman insists on having it then the man shouldn't be liable for child support
If it were me I would tell my mom to get bent my sister is being a bitch and should mind her own fuckin business. And take it from there.   Edit: didn't realize this was 2x, Sorry ladies. but I stand by it. I actually have a great relationship with my mom and sister, but it's because my family would never do this; as doing so would illicit crass responses.
More stupid from the Republicans and the Trump administration.  "lets protect the kids...by sticking them in prison"
Indeed, it's not his body, nor should it be his lifetime financial obligation.
Oh yeah OP, you should most definitely make a big deal about this. Why haven't you called CPS yet?
feeeemales
Here's to a long and joyful life!!  Happy birthday
1) understanding evolutionary psychology will help guide people to choices that will make them happier.  2) there are alot of people who believe that the reason men and women have different attitudes towards sex is nurtural. these people complain about a perceived "double standard".  3)mostly i wrote this to listen to counter-arguments to refine my own thinking process
not an argument
I didn't think so.
Yeah you! I hope I can celebrate my mom's cancer freeness in 5 years too! I wish you the best life :))
One time I was at a bar with a group of my guy friends. There were 5 of us, and I was the only female. A friend of one of the guys came over and started talking to us. He went around the table, introduced himself, and shook everyone's hand except mine. He purposely skipped me and went on to the guy next to me. Refusing to be so rudely ignored, I stood up, introduced myself, and gave him a strong hand shake all while make direct eye contact. He just muttered and walked away quickly.
Really? That must be a cultural thing. Where do you live?
My metabolism tanked for me at 15. So much as looking at a cookie made me gain weight. Being 22 now, it hasn't gotten any better. Depo just added salt to the wounds :/
I suffer from anxiety and depression. I also have a two year old. My pregnancy was actually amazing. I had one of those "unicorn" experiences where all went well and I felt great. I truly believe the pregnancy hormones were a boost to me somehow. Body image was always a big trigger for me and I took my mental health problems out on my physical self frequently. But being pregnant gave me a boost. Not trying to paint an overly rosy picture as some people struggle mightily with this. Just wanting to offer a different perspective.   Now, after was difficult. I had a hard delivery and recovery and eventually returned to a stressful job. It didn't take long before my anxiety was back with a vengeance. I've been on medication twice since my child was born and I'm immensely grateful for the oversight and care from my doctors. My advice is to find an OB who can watch your mental health and who will recommend a counseling service as well and work with them.
You need to reconsider reporting this. Colleges are really on edge about harassment stuff. I know you are worried he will be upset but they may if nothing else be able to get his route changed so you wouldn't see him.   You shouldn't have to rearrange your life to avoid this guy.
I knew everything would be fine! Thanks for the update!
At the least, we live in a culture that creates immaturity and false ideals. At the other end, you have the reality that we all have different experiences and whether that includes a lot of experience or a little, each has their own path.  If a woman has the experience that constitutes a well versed lover, the partner is the better for it. This isn't or doesn't fall into the realm of wanting to have the newest, shiniest thing in the world and getting to be the first to stake a claim. Anyone who believes that virtuous vagina is a entitlement that is due to them can take that shit somewhere else. That's an antiquated and immature belief. You want to be the first man on the moon, play that game when you are young and find a virgin. I can tell you that person will be sorely let down.   I can appreciate a woman who knows what she likes and isn't afraid to share that experience in a healthy and productive way. I mean at the end of the day, a real man will want a woman who can let loose and show you a thing or two. Just my opinion...
It just seems like an unnecessary thing to do, and setting yourself up for failure. How can you attach some level of importance to something if you've never done it before? Think of it like food, pretend the dude you marry is gonna cook all of your meals for the rest of your life after you get married and you're basing whether or not he is a good cook on his personality and how much you like him. It seems like it would make sense to try the food first, and also try other foods so that you get an idea of what you like and can better appreciate him if he is what you want. The spectre of having bad sex for the rest of my life is terrifying.
There are so many stories, not just this one.
Keep it up, don't let idiots discourage you.
This is a completely different issue that has nothing to do with abortion. Women are subject to pay for child support as well, albeit usually not at the same level. Men also have the right to abortion when they get pregnant (such as trans men). Men and women are equal when it comes to abortion rights. Child support is another monster entirely.
This submission was removed:  /r/relationships, or /r/relationship_advice  would be a better venue for this post. Please check the rules there before posting.     ---  [2X FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/faq) | [2X Rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/rules) | [2X Moderation Policy](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy) | [reddiquette](/wiki/reddiquette) | [reddit's rules](/rules)
I think insurance covers for Viagra, should this also not be dropped?   I Have not read any info on this being part of the plan.
Yes, it's valid. Just don't let it chew you up... Spend the rage doing something positive.
We didn't. He lost the popular vote.
I am baffled by how ridiculous you sound. And I'm done.
Lucky me, I've got one of those just across the road from my house! I'll get mum to have a look when she goes shopping tonight.
Lucky me, I've got one of those just across the road from my house! I'll get mum to have a look when she goes shopping tonight.
As a chat up line.
This is dicey, mostly because some countries, in fact, do not consider it a double homicide.   Canada, for example: https://openparliament.ca/bills/39-2/C-484/ &amp;nbsp;  http://www.arcc-cdac.ca/c484.htm &amp;nbsp;  So, the law is completely consistent. Abortion is legal because the fetus isn't considered a person and in a homicide, the fetus isn't a person, so it would not be considered a homicide either.  &amp;nbsp;  Also, in Quebec, where I live. There's really no time limit either... &amp;nbsp;  https://www.educaloi.qc.ca/en/youth/capsules/abortion  &amp;nbsp;  "The law does not take away your right to an abortion after a certain number of weeks. So, whether you are in your 8th, 12th or 24th week of pregnancy, you still have the choice to do what you believe is best for you."  &amp;nbsp;  The law over here is fairly consistent.
Ante. It's ante. The author can't spell.
There's probably a difference between asking girls out vs guys as girls might be more cautious about accepting an invitation, so I'd try and make a first invitation as easy/casual sounding as possible. You might not need to do this so much with guys, we'd be more likely to take a chance on something. Apologies for the gender generalisation!  Coffee's always good if you can't think of anything else still better if you can find out something about the other person before you ask. The more you can personalise the suggestion to him the better. Say you know where he works, what time do you finish work? 6pm. Great, that coffee place/pub/cafe down the street from your office looks really nice. Fancy grabbing coffee/beer/whatever after work tomorrow? Or you could do the same thing for lunch.   If you want to really impress a guy find something non standard based on their interests. For example I'm heavily into cars. If you said would you like to go to [some car event] I'm almost certain to say yes because I'm seriously impressed that you're either interested in the same things as me, or that you're willing to try something different.   All about getting the first date and making it as easy as possible for the other person to think yea why not, what have I got to lose.
Has someone ever sat these dumb-dumbs down and explain that, just because it's *called* birth control doesn't mean that's the only thing it does. Some women are literally crippled with pain during (at least) the first day of their period and birth control can resolve that, actually improving a company's productivity.
Can we get Big O back in the game, the Orange skull is too dangerous
Go out? Participate in activities you would genuinely enjoy (or that you might enjoy) that could let you meet other people. Not only you'll be able to explore more activities, but you'll also find people who would share some interests with you.
This is hilarious to me. Admittedly the Bible never really talks about a woman having multiple husbands, but it seems totally fine with men having multiple female partners. Hell, it even says in the bible that King David had hundreds of wives and concubines (women who the king had sex with to make more kids)
To mostly echo what others have said -- report the identity theft to the police.  But also, consider telling your siblings about the situation. Partly to warn them that he could do (or have already done) the same thing to them, but also so they hear it from you. They were there for the incident that seems to have triggered this, and while they probably won't want to get involved, they were there for the first part of the story and should know it didn't end where they thought.
Say no. Tell your mom about what is happening or a teacher or CPS(or your local equivalent) if he does something.  To be honest, if I were you, I might tell my teacher or CPS even if he didn't end up doing anything
Then you would get a chuckle out of me if you think that keeping your location service off actually prevents Big Brother from tracking you. Sure, it will keep your friends and family from tracking you, but not the "1984" type of people you are referring to.
I work in a very small financial services company too.  With my first (born to me, had c-section and hysterectomy so was not physically recovered yet), I returned to just about full-time hours at 4 weeks.  But I negotiated to work from home, so my recovery wasn't as much of an issue and I wasn't separated from my daughter.  With my second (adopted at birth), I was already permanently working from home and negotiated to return to work immediately but with flexible hours.  So I returned to work on the first weekday we were home from the out of state hospital, which was about his 14th day of life.  I assured my boss that basically I would work when I could but there would be no dip in productivity.
You may not be young, but you are naive.
That guys reaction to your dyed hair is totally wild to me. My experience has taught me to avoid contact with people who are that flashy at all costs. It blows my mind that a guy would touch, or even feel comfortable approaching you. I'm glad neither of you were physically injured or anything else because it didn't escalate that far, restraint was displayed by both of you. I know i feel uncomfortable when a girl with an alternative type look approaches me, i value my freedom.
Christian?
Sounds like something my father would do too.
Ah I see. Sorry my mistake. I apologise if I came across a defensive friends is one of my favourite programmes.
I know it sucks because it's your dad. You need to file a police report and dispute the charge.
GIVE HIM WHAT HE DESERVES
I don't think he'll ever get him to pay it, or see the irony/error of his way. he's burned that bridge, and you need to move on.  let your siblings know, and make sure they check their credit as well.  my vote is also to get the police and whatnot involved and make sure you keep distance from him.  I don't think you'll ever be able to get him to understand your position on the matter. best of luck.
&gt; My short answer: relationships that last need to be able to survive fairly serious mistakes, and as mistakes go, this is not a terribly serious one.  That scales based on the length or seriousness of the relationship though. There can't be an expectation of a casual 1 month relationship to survive the same mistakes of a 20 year marriage. But I do agree this doesn't seem like a terribly serious one and should be rectifiable if they relationship was at least positive for both of them.
He put a lot of emphasis on how he's content with being alone and that if I don't feel comfortable being lonely then that's okay. Kind of pissed me off, like I'm not all about hooking up, but yes I like companionship.
As a pregnant women myself, this story makes me cry because being pregnant is stressful enough without having to deal with all the crap her community is putting her through. I know Christianity just pays lip service to mercy and love but c'mon here. Show a little humanity.
She said they're divorcing and she lives w him bc of school location.
i couldn't ask for a better job, but i'd be happier running my own life/business at some point in time. part of me thinks with downtime from "real work" i could focus on my skills and future business plans! but yes, thank you, i never want to be totally dependant and i do worry it would turn out that way.
&gt;Uridoz is right.  I wish I was wrong though, this sounds terrible ...  &gt; If I'm typing anything on my phone he's quick to ask what I'm doing. Even though he's free to text his buddies throughout the day.  Ask him "How would you feel if I constantly asked you what you're doing, who you're talking to, whenever you use your phone?" then.  &gt; he often snatches my phone out of my hands randomly to see what I'm up to. If I'm not on reddit, Tumblr, or youtube; he gets upset.  Seriously OP, do you ever do this to anyone? Probably not. Because that would make you an asshole. And that's what he is. Again, get the fuck out whenever you can. This relationshit is abusive.   He has insecurities? Ok. But then he shouldn't make it a reason to fuck with your private life, if he has any respect for you.  &gt;he says he calls me a whore as a joke.  "Well I don't like those jokes, and jokes are only fun if it makes the two of us comfortable, so could you please stop?"  &gt;Edit- So sorry fuck, I kept hitting the send button and I basically posted this exact message a bunch of times. My bad.  yeah happens to me too sometimes x) ... It's okay.
It will be interesting to see what comes out in Court.  It looks like Tesla followed the best practices playbook according to advice from their lawyers. They had a neutral, third party expert (read: lawyer) look into everything and waited until the report was fully finished before acting. They had a high level executive handle it in person. Nothing was left to chance.  The engineer will face an uphill battle over this. It is going to be everything except easy.
So then why are we talking about "why are you feminist and not egalitarian?"?????  Feminism is activist and egalitarianism is philosophical. So why make the comparison between the two?
She strikes me as a young person - probably a teenager? But I do agree that the tone feels like she is trying to convince herself it's OK... :(
&gt; casual sex is a great conduit into horrible life outcomes.  this is pure bullshit.
So much this.  I'm so tired of the us vs them mentality.  People seem to think that to be pro one group, you have to be anti others.
OP is an adult attending college, not a child.
You seem like an emotional mess who can't hold a onversation.  I'm done since you seem more interested in silly insults.
It just sucks because of how incredibly small my office is. I'm talking 5 people. I'm in administration and our actually employees work elsewhere. I'll try and do something like that, but it just sucks when you feel like anything you would try to do to fix it would be obvious because of how small this place is.
https://glitterslutblog.tumblr.com/  this might help you :)
Aziz Ansari's book ("Modern Romance") is an awesome read and has some dope pragmatic advice that I immediately used (and am currently reaping the benefits of). Establish common ground. Keep the messaging to a minimal amount (rather than having a long textual preamble). Invite him to something specific. In my case, I went with a, "Hey, I know we both like cribbage. Want to hit a board game cafe on Sunday?"  Worked like a charm.  It gets easier and you're gonna do great!
This is my biggest fear. I wouldn't wish it on anyone and I don't want dealing with a depressed kid in my future because it can kill a family (see: mine via my depressed sister).
It's likely HSV - 1. Smaller outbreaks. Less frequent recurrence.   Got it in 2008 from oral sex. Have had 1 breakout since the original one due to severe stress following a pepper spaying incident. Honestly I'm not a heathen just um interesting?!  You will be fine. I promise.   The chances of you passing it on are minimal given that most people have HSV 1 antibodies.
And thusly America continues its war on its own children with no foreseeable benefit to anyone but prisons.
Right but the body-shaming isn't just the ad, it's the entire story behind the film. The whole point of the film is that these vain princes have been turned into dwarves, and must reverse their curse by getting kissed by Snow White. Except now she's fat &amp; dumpy (therefore unattractive) and it takes a magical item for them to see her REAL (read: thinner) beauty. So far, no redeeming qualities for this flick.
Typically people are alright with you being pro-life, so long as you don't try to push that view onto others.
Colleges have various obligations to deal with rapes that occurred on campus (and sometimes have counseling resources to deal with rapes that occurred off campus). If you are both in colleges, or if one of you is going into college in the fall, it may be worth your time to look into both what your school's policy requires in cases of a disclosure of rape and what services they offer to victims of past abuse.
Congratulations dear!
I will bear that in mind, if it ever becomes too much I know I am lucky in that I can go to my parents, they are very kind people.  I am just trying to do what any person should, thank you for the support, it means a lot.
Glad to hear! Thanks for the comment back. :)
I honestly did not know you could go the PP for those type of check ups! That's interesting &amp; helpful.
Given it's a picture of two people in a race, I think athlete was implied. They also already showed the girls picture earlier so it wasn't an issue of not knowing which was which.
Sweet! Congrats! :)
Is there a diagnosis with these anger issues? Does your brother have a record?  Your safety is important and you have every right to advocate for yourself beyond just physically protecting yourself. Please look into your options regarding legal options, alternate placements, etc. and consider all the possibilities carefully.
even the people who think that abortion should not be legal in most cases think it should be legal in some.  The thinking on abortion is not so much a sharp divide among most people, it's more like a sliding scale.  More nuanced, or none-of-my-business.  There **is** a sharp dividing line for legislators and religious leaders, who  are mostly men.  Also the abortion terrorists - the ones who bomb clinics, murder and maim doctors, and threaten clinic goers -  are almost all white males.    Women are just not the main leaders in the legislating, preaching, and terrorizing actions against abortion rights.
&gt;I guess what I'm saying is that I'm not worried about sexual compatibility because it's not something I'm crazy about in the first place.   Unfortunately for you their is a very big chance that your Husband is going to want sex
Good for you man, any advice for a friend with cancer?
Honestly I'm not pro-life...100% pro-choice haha
And what other congenital conditions would you prenatally save people from? Downs?  Autism? ADHD? Freckles?  People can live meaniniful lives with CF, and many other incurable conditions.
So that would mean taking away children from parents unless they go through some form legal process to claim the child, by default.
Thank you all for the replies. I'm going to be deleting this tomorrow
This is not correct. Public safety workers are called that for a reason. Police officers in many areas can help refer a caller to the appropriate agency -- mental health, shelters, chid protective services, even food and heating assistance. It's not all about arresting.
No. It's a bad idea all around. As an aside, I was recently at a school function when my fiancé was propositioned by one of the parents. People hear about things like that. It made her look foolish and unstable.
I'm not going to ask for the details about the rape, but would it be possible to hire an investigator? There could be multiple things the rapist didn't account for, like recording devices, left over semen on anything she still has from when it happened, possibly other rape cases, etc. It's never completely hopeless. Among that, military credentials don't guarantee power. It could be entirely possible that he's been known to break military rules, yet never committed enough to make him dishonorably discharged.  In the mean time, your girlfriend could very well have post-traumatic stress disorder from this (stating the obvious, I know). I know this may sound like victim-blaming since I'm now focusing on what she can do to "rise out of" this rather than expressing more options on how to take down the rapist, but this could help her in the long run with both her mental health and her case against the rapist. Going to a psychologist, having this diagnosed, and linking it to the "alleged" rape (I'm using the word alleged because that's what the court will call it before the rapist is tried guilty) could further the case against the rapist because a professional's words take priority over a military man's words.  If all else fails, and if he has been tried yet, you're going to have to get the evidence by yourselves. You know how sometimes the plaintiff brings forth video or audio evidence of a confession of some sort? This is a tricky line. In some states, it's legal to record someone personally without their knowledge. In others, you could be the one paying a fine or spending a night in jail because you recorded someone personally without their permission. Go through the laws of your state and find a loophole to allow you to do this. The rapist seems cocky enough to admit to you that he raped your girlfriend out of spite. Recording through video is the best choice because you then see the person admitting it. This can easily be done through a phone, but you have to be careful.  TL;DR: Fuck his shit up in every way possible, and don't forget to use your resources.
Out Fucking Standing!! Congratulations
woot woot!! god bless!  Got any cool plans?
Also one/two party consent only applies to whether the recording can be allowed in court as evidence.
Yes! Congrats ! Time to live it uuuup!!
Be honest with him. Tell him your feelings in a constructive manner where you are not insulting him. After you tell him, leave it open so you can discuss a solution that works for both of you. I would try:   "I love the things you text me. They make me feel so wonderful about myself. But I worry that  I don't know what to say or how to respond back. You are great at expressing your emotions, and I find it hard.  I don't want you to stop texting me, but I get anxiety when I can't figure out how to respond. What do you think we should do?"
Whatever your decision about sex/marriage is, it is right as long as you feel it is. With "sex", people are mainly talking about the penetration of the vagina with a penis. Pleasure and intimacy is so much more! For some, it can be a stroke of the arm, the belly, it can be a kiss on the neck, it can go further. ;) There are so many forms of mutual pleasure or that don't involve penetration.   About your confrontation with other opinions: I think waiting for marriage is not the default state anymore. And as with most things that are not "normal" and are based on decisions, it gets insulted quickly.   People are living in their own worlds, and judging is easy, thinking oneself has the better view. Even though it's hard, try and listen to your inner voice instead. You know what is best for you, they don't.   What worked for me best (in an entirely different topic, but same mindset) was asking question. "What makes you think that?" "What do you like about sex?" "What is it that you think I am missing out on?" When the people start answering the questions, listen to them and ask further questions or, if they're not aggressive anymore, make a non-confrontial statement, like "I just feel this decision fits my needs right now."   Hope that could help somehow? Good luck. I wish you all the best and a happy relationship. :)
It's a little rubber shield thingy that you use with spermicide. Turns out my system hates spermicide and I got a yeast infection for my trouble.
Congrats to you and your doctors
We're not talking about the vagina receiving (or enveloping) the penis.  We're talking about whether *women* are the receivers of *sex*.  If your sex partner is just a receiver of sex with you, instead of an active participant, you're *definitely* doing something wrong in bed.
It sounds like that last message you sent got a little snide, and could be a factor why he didn't reply. The whole exchange gave off a "sorry not sorry" vibe.  Regardless. You're both still in pain, and there is no positive resolution to this. He is leaving for Italy at the end of summer, and you are not going with him. You need to finish healing and the best way to do that is to continue no contact. Continuing to contact him to give another or ask for an apology will not end well. Hooking up again before he leaves will not end well. Those six years were not meaningless, they were a learning experience and it sounds like before the end, a pretty positive one.
What really helped me when I was first diagnosed with herpes was educating myself, there is so much outdated and downright incorrect information out there. You can start with these:   https://herpesopportunity.com/downloads/herpes-opportunity-disclosure-handout.pdf   https://www.westoverheights.com/herpes/the-updated-herpes-handbook/   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU4VcOQzQm0   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcIl-hclrLI   r/herpes and r/HSVpositive are very good subreddits where you can ask whatever questions you may have and be assured of medically accurate answers, as well as get support and suggestions around dealing with symptoms, dating, disclosure and anything else that may come up.   Rest assured you are not alone, about 56% of the US population between 14 to 49 has HSV 1 (which is the cause of about half the new cases of genital herpes) and 1/6 have HSV 2 (most have this genitally).    For the vast majority of people with herpes it is just a minor issue (80% have no symptoms and hence don't even know they have it).
I do not know you but I am so happy to hear that you are healed.Treasure the life you have been given.It truly is a priceless gift.
&gt; who I've hooked up with some time ago...   &gt; to ask him if he wanted to have sex  Isn't "hooking up" and sex the same thing?
This is not a good reply.
Not sure how you're getting high school from that. Not a lot of people in high school has been sexually active for years. More like someone in their 20s from a sexually oppressed culture.
I agree.
Please talk some sense into her. This is really worrisome.  Also...even if she does what he wants, he's not going to delete those photos or leave her alone. She knows that, right?
&gt;She's about to lose 400lbs in the form of his dead weight.   Weight loss programs hate her
Exactly! It was so surprising too, because I usually expect it a bit more from older men in the field, but this guy was maybe early to mid 30s...
If someone can tell me how to link a picture in a post I can show you. I have yet to figure that out though. 😩
How can you make such sweeping judgements of one's character from a Reddit post?
$300 per person per day? Hell, I am in the wrong field!
This has happened to me, and there's no good way to respond. Also, we're under no obligation to be friendlier than anyone else in the field. OP, I empathize with you. It's frustrating to hear that there's a desire for more women in stem fields, then turn around and have to justify your existence in a stem field.
You go girl! Enjoy that sex!   I wish more parents could accept that their children are sexual beings and that trying to force them to keep all those desires bottled up inside doesn't remove those urges. It usually just creates harmful means of coping.
My dad went with me for moral support when I bought my first car. The appointment was for me, I was very clearly the one picking out the car (or, I guess, checking out the car I had picked) but the dealer kept talking directly to my dad until I made it clear I was the one paying for the car. Oddly enough, my dad noticed this more than I did.  I've been on the other side too. I had a young guy come check out my apartment, he was a potential roommate to replace my friend who was moving out (last minute, I was desperate for anyone who was willing to move in for the next Sept-Aug lease cycle) and he brought his mom. I noticed, part way through the viewing/meeting, that I was addressing the mom more than him! I knew he was the one who'd be paying the rent and everything, I don't know why I was doing it. Maybe because she was the one asking most of the questions.
Not in his body
Feminism : the advocacy of women's rights on the basis of the equality of the sexes.  I don't know how you can be egalitarian without being feminist. If you're advocating for rights for all you should also be advocating for rights for women, as they are a subset of all who have historically had fewer rights than men.    I'd argue you can be a feminist without being an egalitarian but not an egalitarian without being a feminist.
It's like these people worship fetuses
Consent to pegging. Is that a joke?
Only when you know the person and know they're okay with it
That's on the female. If the male opts-out, she has to decide whether she alone can take care of the child
Permission is consent. No consent, no permission. How is that ridiculous?
With how jumbled my post is I'm glad you summarised my thoughts so well. We get the final decision, but they should also give an opinion.
That's just an absurd argument.  Do you want to claim women who have abortions hate kids to?
The Homolka case? It's sickening that the prosecutors gave her such a sweet deal. I believe she only served 10 years? It should have been life.
Because it's boring as fuck thats why
None are acceptable.  Would you ask a female coworker to iron your clothes?
The worst? For example, in the UK, if (at the time the photograph was taken) he was 18, and you were 18 (-1 day), then he could be charged with the production of indecent images of a child.  http://www.inbrief.co.uk/offences/child-porn-and-the-law/
You need to get therapy... your view of the world is not healthy.
&gt; You are just a wiser version of your old self.  QFT, OP, this is truth.
He didn't say it was the motto, just that it was on the $. Which it is.
Classes that teach men to flirt are demonized so that solution isn't going to happen.
It's going to stay that we if there articles like this that make everything about gender.
I'm torn, because I want to believe you on the "as a whole" part, but Trump did win Texas with 52%. I try to tell myself its because there are enough liberal people who didn't vote because they didn't think it would flip Texas but ...
Guys also meet people at conferences who are assholes, but the majority aren't. I can't think of a single profession where this is not the case, so why should it specifically stop women from going into tech?
That's the problem with an ideology - We will always back a group who directly supports what we personally want and not have an unselfish view.  It's in our genes.  I'm an egalitarian in theory, but if push comes to shove, I'm joining the group fighting for me.  Every single person does it.  I just try to be nice to people in my daily life.
Hey! I am pre med in college under a psychology- and hopefully human sexuality major. I might also be near your age. Shoot me a message and I will answer everything.
If they do pageants, then they are part of the problem. They are also peddling the bullshit ideal that beauty of a woman is all that she's worth. They have no right to be involved at all and be demanding "respect".
 I don't even iron my own cloths, lol. You've got a point there, just saying the first two options are much preferable to the first.
Fair. I think there are interesting nuances in this conversation. There are people who would advocate once a child is born, it acquires certain rights it wouldn't have as a fetus. Others would say it's based more on viability of life. I personally would likely try to remove support from my child if it were likely to die within the first week of life and others would likely try to sustain it. For me, quality of life is a key component of life.
Volunteer for a cause you care about and meet other like-minded people.
You know, we're already 3D printing certain organs already. We can actually replace people's failing organs with new versions grown from their own stem cells. :)
So how do you define who has more privilege overall? How does that stuff rank?
Umm, if the woman suffers more because a crime was reported, it's still the fault of her husband who is committing the crime, what is wrong with you? Yeah you can argue that things might get worse faster because of the report but it is still the husband choosing to abuse his wife and all fault is his, not the OP's.
Have your partner swish with antiseptic mouth wash before going down on you. I found mouth bacteria was causing my reoccurring  BV.
Oh. Well, that seems off the rails. Funny, though.
&gt; It's not even a religious thing if you believe it's life based on science.  It *is* life based on science, that is not up for discussion. But not everything alive has equal moral and legal status.
I often avoid it, probably in part due to where I have typically run- suburban neighborhoods where the only people out walking are usually young families or elderly couples. I also try to head it off when I can (but I know it's often unavoidable) - I turn around if someone ahead of me appears to be behaving oddly or a car slows down for no reason.   But I have had something every day for the past week- catcalling, incomprehensible yelling from cars, and someone from a slow-moving car trying to start a conversation. Those have all been between noon and 9 pm. Nothing in the morning. I don't think I've ever had a morning incident.
I live in the south. Yes.
i dont think my opinion is the right opinion, i dont think there is a right one, am i just arguing the other side of you opinion. perhaps there should be a punishment for women who damage there babies by taking drugs and so on. people have to live with the results of damage caused by their mother. if you suffer permanent damage from pregnancy, suing should not be viable because the accepted the risk before becoming pregnant.  i would bet there would be less deaths if abortion was completely illegal. lets not pretend abortion is this risk free thing that is 100% and pregnancy is this huge risk.  a good way to prevent abortion would be to provide better sex ed and support birth control. fully funding BC pills would be very expensive and not the my favorite option if you are referring only to them.
If babies are considered people before they're born, then why don't people claim unborn children as a dependant for taxes?
What? Watching porn? Are you sure this happened? It sounds like you found yourself a truly fucked up group of people. Who watches porn in a group?
To be completely transparent, there is a very low chance of her getting pregnant at this time in her cycle. She must've ovulated over a week and a half ago. But! It was still a stupid decision to have unprotected sex. There are worse possible consequences than pregnancy, just keep that in mind next time. You can't make her take plan B, but I'd try to convince her to see a doc about that. Plan B is safe if not used excessively, but that info better come from the specialist than from you. Also, it doesn't "kill the baby", it merely stops the chance of becoming pregnant (a fertilized egg adhering to the uterus wall - *if* an egg was fertilized at all).
&gt;If you say you like Y, I won't take you totally seriously because maybe that's society talking, so I'll still suggest X and tell you all the problems with Y."  Especially with kids, this is dangerous ground.  Where did it explain why Y is problematic? I don't disagree with you about some of the disadvantages boys face in school, but that wasn't what the article was talking about. And shaming children for nothing feeling emotions isn't really a gendered issue. I don't think we like female robots any more than we like male robots :p.
I feel like you're trolling...
Ah. I misread your tone. My bad. Cheers.
He sounds like an arsehole, sorry.
Tough situation, but 2 things stand out to me.  1 - Relationships where the woman completely supports the man (&amp; even ones where she makes significantly more money) can be difficult to make work.   If he feels like less of a man because of it (&amp; maybe even secretly resents it), he may seek out other ways to get that feeling back, or just to get out of the situation altogether.  2 - If he loved you in a forever kind of way, he wouldn't do what he did.  It sounds like you may have picked the wrong one.  You have to truly get to the bottom of why that happened.  But one thing is certain, he either doesn't love you like he says he does, or he isn't ready for all that life is putting in front of him with marriage &amp; parenthood on the horizon, or both.    In some ways it makes total sense though...    Look at it this way - what man would be comfortable both getting married &amp; becoming a father when he can't currently support his family?  This is why a lot of relationships today fail, &amp; it is an unfortunate byproduct that has seemed to come alongside the positive advancement of women in the workforce, who sometimes choose men that are less intelligent or are directionless.  You guys would have been better off fixing those issues &amp; getting you both to a good place before a child &amp; marriage came into the picture.    EDIT - I realize now that you're already married, &amp; this recent part was just for ceremony.  That means making counseling a priority, &amp; getting him to a better place personally &amp; professionally.  If he won't do the work to change, &amp; also continue to say &amp; show that he truly loves you along the way, then you are likely either headed for an unhappy marriage or divorce.
I think you and your boyfriend need to agree to recast the trip. The trip is a lousy birthday/anniversary gift, because good gifts cater to the interests of the recipient, and the trip does not cater to your interests.  But! It's a vacation, some time away from the daily grind. Even if a lot of the plans aren't really to your taste, your partner's enthusiasm should be infectious. You've said that you usually find it cute when he goes wild over Harry Potter. It would probably be a lot of fun to watch him play around with whatever stuff they have over there.  Sit down with your boyfriend and tell him that a nice person from the internet told you that you are completely justified in not liking the trip as a combination anniversary/birthday gift. Tell him that you're not completely against the trip, but that it can be it's own thing. Explain that the nice internet person said that "good gifts cater to the interests of the recipient" and that you agree. Reassure him that you don't think he was trying to hurt your feelings, and that you can understand if he started thinking about something really exciting to him and just got a little carried away. Tell him that you don't necessarily need or want lavish expensive gifts, and that you do want something that shows he gets you and is paying attention to you.
He planned it for the two of them.   I would be absolutely overjoyed if my boyfriend did this. I would enjoy a trip to literally anywhere or any night out even. He never would though.
Sure... that's a little different than a trip that one person booked as a gift to (mostly/seemingly) themselves.
I think a good joke well delivered is a good joke well delivered.
If it's for the two of them, it should be somewhere they both want to go.
This will work right up until it backfires spectacularly in your face.
Leave, OP. You deserve better, he won't do shit for you. I know people like him, my mother was the same. She did nothing for the family, drained my father's money and then cheated on him. Don't waste your love on someone who doesn't deserve it.
I was a SAHM for 7 years. Now I'm getting my nursing degree as a single mom with 4 kids. I wish I'd done it first! Even if you decide to be a SAHM after you have kids, you might very well want to return to work after they are all in school full time and you can do nursing on a part time basis as well. It's a great job for moms IMO.
I understand that,  but where does she get her information from, is it anectodal?   It just seems to be injecting a gender/sex comment that is unnecessary.
You don't understand feminism. It's simple, it says that women and men are humans and need to have equal opportunities. There's nothing stunting about that. (This is the first time I've heard drug companies blamed for feminism! That's funny!)
Congrats on the internship!!! I'm experiencing something similar (not working, back in school, meanwhile bf is working hard)  I just wanted to agree with the general gist of what everyone is saying. There's a difference between being honest with your s.o. and being an ass. Sounds like this guy doesn't even know how to be honest with himself. I guess he can't say directly "I want to be the dominant controlling one in out relationship"  Idk how attached to him you are so best of luck on what you decide to do (whether you break it off or stay). However I also want to say congratulations on identifying this behavior. You recognized that something was wrong and you were being mistreated. You know you deserve to be treated better. It may not sound like a grand feat but imo it's as huge one so congratulations to that as well.
You're doing all of the work in the relationship. Even if he didn't cheat, he doesn't get to use YOUR money and run away from the pregnant wife and child. If he's not working while you are, he has to be 100% cooking, cleaning, and making your life as easy as possible. Add cheating to the mix and it's clear he's just about himself and not on your emotional level.   I'm a guy in between jobs myself so I know what it feels like, but he doesn't get a pity party to drain the life out of you.
Just know you in no way deserve to be treated this way. A bachelor party is in no way an excuse to get drunk and cheat. Be strong and do what you think is right whether that be leaving him and asking for a divorce or trying to forgive and forget. You may need space to really think about how his actions have affected you and you might want to tell him to stay away from the home while you sort through your emotions and thoughts and decide what is best for your health and the wellbeing of your children. From what you have posted you sound like a strong independent woman and mother who doesn't need a man holding her down. You need a partner who will be selfless much like yourself in supporting the family and who will never inflict pain or hurt and maybe he isn't that. Be brave. Much love!
I will say, make sure to verify it very much is him. If the video is very clear that's one thing, but if there is some doubt that it wasn't him (ez the video is shaky), ensure that it is him before you get miserable
Confront him, I waited for my so to come clean, gave her every chance, never did. Cheaters don't think anyone gets hurt if it's a secret. The truth always comes out tho.
I (22F) have the Nexplanon implant in my arm. I gained about 10-15 pounds. I don't know if it was because of the birth control, or lifestyle/eating habit changes. Could be a mix a both. Honestly haven't had any problems with Nexplanon, and it's so much easier than remembering to take a pill everyday.
At 120+ upvotes, it seems at least a *few* people get it.
Honey I'm sorry. Get some family and friends around you immediately. Don't be alone.
Well your kid has at least one parent with a good head on their shoulders and their priorities right. He should be okay.
Cancel the wedding, but she should take that trip to Hawaii with a friend.
For future reference all modern android and ios devices come with built-in encryption services, all you need to do is activate it. You can find encryption under security settings. Be sure to also encrypt the external sd card (which is done separately from internal storage).
This... All the anti-depressants I took as a teenager did was strip me of my personality and numb me completely.
I binge listened the shit out of s-town. Best thing thing since serial season 1
I can't offer much in the way of advice or anything, but I wanted to say that I really respect you.
Are you some sort of dickinist?
In this case I agree with you.  Whether the genders are reversed or not the situation is the same.  However there are cases where I appreciate disclosed gender bc issues faced as a woman can be interpreted differently if it were faced by a man.
Well, part of a relationship is sometimes sacrificing and not getting what you want. My wife wanted to go for an anniversary trip to California, but I brought up Louisiana because we can drive there and she likes Cajun food.  I don't want to go on a trip at all, I want to save money after buying a house, but I compromise and sacrifice because it is important to her and makes her happy.
Besides the illegality of this, advising people to simply throw away a relationship is hasty and just bad advice.   Cheating is often the end, but not always. The point of relationships is to work through your difficulties no matter how bad it gets (with some obvious exemptions like abuse).   There are a lot of really great relationship out there that have dealt with infidelity and come out stronger than ever in the long run. Cheating often happens not because of a lack of love but because of insecurity or needs not being met at home, and I'm not just talking sexual "needs".   It can also happen because a relationship is pretty much over, but we don't know which is going on here.  If *both* parties want reconciliation and are willing to repair the original problem and the ensuing trust issues, there's no reason not to try.
Hi there. I think you're being a little harsh. As a woman who has worked and supported her lazy ass partner through a pregnancy,  I actually agree that this guy should grow up, pull on his big boy pants and get a job, ANY job to help support his pregnant partner.  Its not about being a "man",  but it is about being a man. OP, I am so sorry this is happening to you. Do what you have to do. But I spent 15 years supporting that dickhead before I finally kicke him out. Now that f*cker has a great job, with loads of benefits, and I see none of it. After all those years where I carried him, worked full-time and had his children.   This will not ever get better.
I fully agree with /u/killermichi 's advice. I also think that now you have EVERY right to snoop as much as you want. To me, respect for privacy goes out the window when someone cheats.
That's you opinion, my opinion is that You may be a terrible person if that's how you talk to people. But keep telling yourself otherwise.
It would be the same if the roles were reversed tbh.
I think they meant she already knew you weren't a terrorist, but is required to do a check of everyone opening an account. So she was making a joke about it.
Maybe I should be talking about anal tattoos instead.
You know what reddit thinks. Just depends on what you're willing to do. You sound great he sounds like crap. We've all had relationships like that. They hardly ever work out. Not trying to be a downer but you deserve better than that. Chances are it won't change.
Maybe they have no one to speak to in their actual life about these things and they need to get it out somehow. That's why I'm here.
have you told the doctor that you've been having the infection for this long?  you could have vaginismus. You should check again if you can penetrate yourself after you've finished your round of antibiotics (also good to know, it's always really important that you finish any rounds of antibiotics completely, even if you already feel better halfway through).
Like any community - parent, childfree, men, women - they can get cliquey. Don't involve yourself in squabbles.
Evenings are worse, probably because if I run in the morning its at 6am and most people aren't out of the house by then.  I've never gotten cat-called in the morning, though I did have to yell at a guy on a bike once who thought it was okay to ride along side me and comment on how I looked.  Evenings I've gotten cat-called quite a bit and even called out for taking a sweatshirt off with a tank top underneath (I think he said "lets see the rest" while slowing down next to me in a car).  I've been grabbed (usually my butt) as well in the evenings.
Dont listen to them, they are a troll.
Another INCEL.
I've heard a lot of good and bad, it all depends on the group itself and the demographics.  There was one I was part of that had a "theme" of organic eating, whole foods, no processed or added junk.  It devolved after a few months when people started getting in to more holistic crap like oils and anti-vax science.  On the other hand, I have a SIL part of a twins' mom group on FB and she gets loads of helpful information from others who have been there and done that.
I would definitely bring it up at your next appointment. I think you ought to google the symptoms of a prolapse and see if any resonate with how you're feeling.
Yeah I know they are. Thank you though :)
Porn and sex are different things. It's not necessarily anything to do with the quality of your sex life. It's a bit like saying "we go to the movies together all the time, why do you need to read all these books too?"
I understand that and I think those people are wrong. To me getting this angry over the sex aspect is absurd. The lying aspect is what would bother me most and I think that it's what should bother others too.
But the reality is... It does. It happens. Infidelity is nothing new. Stop encouraging the 'delete gym, hit the lawyer, and Facebook up'
Sometimes the meat is in the comments. In this case it's in her last sentence.
That's a good way of looking at it, thank you. I just wish he wouldn't lie about it.
Here's my annecdote, a true story. George burns cheated on Gracie early on in their marriage. He was over wrought with guilt and bought her a fur coat as a result. Gracie was hurt but moved on from it and didn't let it affect her very long marriage to George. Years later she confided to a close friend "i wish George would cheat again, I need a new coat".  Don't let this one event define your life with him.
Male here!  Couple observations on myself and fellow males:  1) We "get better" all the time; sometimes better at lying, sometimes better at hiding and sneaking, seldom (but sometimes) better at being honest, sensitive, and forthcoming... but it rarely changes direction, so if we were already liars, we'll lie better.  If we were already caring, we care better.  Sometimes both at the same time!  2) If we're allowed to "get away" with something once, we'll do it again.  Anything that happens between getting caught and getting away with it again is an elaborate dance to set things up so we can do it again.  3) It's never our fault.  It's society, it's a seductress, it's alcohol, it's hormones; there are a million explanations, but the reality is that if the cause of an action "isnt our fault" but no fundamental event changes the world to cause that thing to stop existing, then buckle up because it's going to be "not our fault" many times.  4) Often promiscuity stems from fear and sense of inadequacy.  how very sad for us, boo hoo... that doesn't make it any harder on you though; don't let our fear of inadequacy drag you down with us.  Also as a side note, there are no "good" or "bad" men; just as there are no good or bad women.  We're all just kind of doin stuff, a lot of us have bad judgement a lot of the time, and a lot of us are good people that do dumb things.  We're all a random combination of lonely and stupid and selfish and self sacrificing and loving and desperate and afraid.  Do your best to find one of us that you can tolerate, but it's an odds game; if your goal is to find a better man, you may leave this one and find a worse one.  You can tolerate a life with this particular one in your sphere of existence, you can seek a life that doesn't depend on the stability of a man in order to function, or you can try to find an upgrade... best you can do is ask yourself "what are the odds that the person I am now, living in the situation I'm in now, is able to attract someone better than who I have now, and how may people in my same situation are trying to do the same, and how many men are in the market for what I have".  There may be an amazing guy out there who will love you for exactly who you are, but if there are 5 of you in the same situation, then 4 of you are going to be disappointed.  There may be 100s of amazing guys out there, and only a couple people in your situation, and finding another guy may be a snap.  Quite probably, it's two fish trying to find each other in a big empty ocean, and it may just take time to sort out.  If you think the odds are against you; fly solo.  At the end of the day, your kids are #1; not your man and his excuses.  He'll be fine with or without you.  Your kids will not.
Illegal, and a good way to lose your kids...
Forgive him and move on. You have kids to think about and not yourself. Two wrongs do make a right
Gal. The word you want is gal XD
Really sorry to hear that. It's important to remember that you were doing something totally normal and the people on the other side are the ones who have issues- not you.   Also important to remember that they would have probably done the same thing regardless to any female narrator. Not that it's ok, but just try not to take it personal. There are some weird people out there.
You nailed it!!
Still...the main point OP is making is that she has a hard time getting conversations where she is acknowledged, not talked over, and not presented with primary sexual interest.  And there are a lot of other women in tech who have reported similar experiences.
Well, maybe a part of this change is due to the fact that you are out of high school? I was always a pretty and thin girl, yet I was bullied in high school for being a weird kid (and, also, for rejecting one guy's advances), I was literally spat on once. Once I got to college everything changed. People were much nicer, nobody bullied me, and if someone didn't like me, they simply didn't talk to me. Nothing changed about me, except that now I was surrounded by more mature people. Maybe that's your story too?
Im sad for you that you have worried about this. I've had 3 pregnancies and its never crossed my mind. Your life should not be like that. What makes you worry and not feel loved, secure and supported like you should be?
That's a tough one.  I'm so sorry you have had such awful experiences with predatory men. I don't have any suggestions apart from making sure not to be alone with a man in a situation that could possibly turn sexual unless you know him very well and he has earned your trust. What does your psychologist and psychiatrist suggest?
Here's a simple answer. Once you're cheated on it changes everything...you'll never have the same trust, feel as safe or secure as you did before all of this. Do you want to see what its like to see that type of love grow over the years?  Also, he's trying to use being drunk as a copout. He doesnt appreciate what his actions truly mean. Moving forward with any trust can't happen unless he know's the true meaning of what he did.  When you marry, you bind your love and your life to another...its no small thing. Its a gift and one that he's unequipped to honor.
Copy and paste pretty much. It just means posting the same thing on different subs.
I agree, would be interesting ish. I suppose nonhetero relationships somewhat blur those lines :P
Keep in mind alot of people are awkward. Even the popular people will feel anxiety and self consciousness when they want to partner with their crush too.  I think it is normal, what you feel is normal and at the end of the day if the outcome is not what you expected at least you know you have tried.  When you have your eyes set on one person you feel like no one else will ever make you feel like that person. But as soon as you get a little time to move on you will find interest in someone different.
Amen to that. I trust that's OP's sentiment, but I think your clarification of norms is important.
Personally I wouldn't tolerate someone that drinks and drives. It says a lot about a person that will risk killing them selves and others. What else will he justify? Texting and driving? Cheating? Stealing? Edited to add: it's not only about hurting your feelings, its about how dangerous it is.  Imagine if he killed someone and had to deal with that guilt. It's just not worth it.  He might have been honest and apologized but that doesn't make it okay. Apologies mean nothing if the behavior continues.
I had the nexplanon for nearly 5 years (had it replaced once after the first 3 years ran out).  With my first implant, my weight gain wasn't as drastic but with the second it was really bad - about 20 lbs. I had my second implant removed this January, a year and a half early, and I have still struggled with being able to lose the weight.  Overall, I wish I would've gone with the mirena and I probably will choose that next time.
this is worth having a major, ultimatum conversation over with him. he has an addiction and neglecting you in the process. lay down your cards and express your needs, YOU ARE ALLOWED TO FEEL THE WAY YOU DO. don't let him gaslight you or act like you're completely unreasonable with the AMOUNT of porn he's consuming. also i'd never put up with him buying from cam girls, sorry but i'd hit the fucking roof. kick up a stink, this is your life too and you're allowed to be mad about this.
Everybody does that. It's fine. The key is to maintain perspective and self-control...at least until you've crashed and burned so many times you can't feel optimistic anymore.
Awww congratulations!! Hope you have an easy pregnancy!! ♥️♥️
Real assholes belong to the manosphere and the redpill movement. They're incapable of reasoning. This aside, I've met decent men in my life and I'm glad we can treat each other with respect
Could be a sign of pregnancy. Painful orgasm was one for me, something to do with the muscles preparing for baby combined with the spasm of orgasm. This was a very, very early symptom at about 5 weeks.
that might actually be attractive, but I doubt it's just suddenly gonna turn white. It's not like all the colour thingos just died all of a sudden
Good luck to w12. Many blessing a during the next few weeks. ❤️❤️❤️
It's the 21st century. Men can be stay-at-home parents, too, and he should have come to that conclusion on his own. If you do even one load of laundry in your house, your husband is an ass.
Staying with a partner who does not respect you is a bad influence for your children. As a parent you need to set an example for your children, it is not OK to be treated like this nor is it OK to treat your partner like that.   People can coparent without being together. My mum and dad managed to and have been great parents, the important part is being civil around the kids. Staying in an unhealthy relationship is never the answer.
Why can't you tell?
Hey, fellow twitch streamer here (male, but been around awhile).  Female streamers get served a significantly bigger serving of trolls and lowlifes than us guys, especially when starting up. They'll hunt the low viewercount sections of the more popular games looking for smaller egos to prey upon. I'm sorry your first streaming experience was a shitty one. People suck, and the anonymity of twitch chat just makes it easier to be a complete shitheel without repercussions.   A good moderator definitely helps, as well as using a moderation bot that blacklists certain phrases. There is also a feature in your channel settings that allows you to restrict chat to only people that have been following the stream for X amount off time, which also really helps curb the chat abuse since trolls wont usually wait around for 10-30 minutes for an opportunity to ruin someone's day when they could just as easily find another chat with it disabled.  Streaming is something that can truly be a fun experience in which you can expand your horizons and meet genuinely good people. I really hope you consider instating the measures I've suggested and giving it another shot. You are stronger than those trolls.
I suppose I am being illogical to assume your negativity from a kiss meaning more extends into other areas of your relationships. I was not talking about cheating, just trust issues in general.
Why did you say you think, but then say you know. Are you not actually sure?
Congratulations!!!!!!!
I'd love to watch. Sucks to have such jerks on your stream
I don't know, I never knew of anyone who's first white hair was far below her head.  I keep saying to myself "I'm too old for this shit".  Maybe I am right and I'm becoming too old to stress out my one and only true lover, the friend that keeps pushing me out of the house and meet people that end up breaking my heart.  My girlfriend Vagina.
We had a girl first, then nearly 12 years later we had a boy, I really wanted a boy the second time for the big reason that I'd already done the girl thing and now I wanted muddy messy shenanigan inducing boy stuff.  Congratulations on your blessing!
Translation:  &gt; I hold fundamentally repellent views about women, yet still want them to gratify my fantasies.
But nah, not the case this time. Unless her ex is secretly mafia...wouldn't be surprised actually, especially with  his corrupt  police connections
My goodness indeed. I seem to be a bit unlucky with relationships. They always seem to have a tragic element. Chin up though!
I'm 26 and don't want kids. I know my biological clock isn't up yet, but I know I won't change my mind. Kids aren't for everyone, and I'm glad that it's more socially acceptable now then when our parents were young.
&gt; Judging by the majority of responses in this thread most people disagree  The majority of people in this thread are wrong. Majority =/= right.
&gt; Yea it's referring to a type of behaviour, one I think most decent men would agree with is just wrong.  Unfortunately not as many as I think we'd like to believe.
They aren't interested, I move on.   I'm not gonna stop doing what I'm doing because I'm afraid I didn't please somebody. I can't please everybody and have a fulfilling life, and at the end of the day? A lot more people are willing to do the former than the latter. The thought of becoming one of those people again is terrifying.
I can't afford a lawyer though 😭 I don't even know who else there is to talk to. I know thats what I thought. A lot about this seems shady to me. The only thing I've seen with my own eyes through all this was the conversation with the doctor in the hospital who said she's not pregnant and a couple of the tests. I don't think she'd lie to me but to be honest I just don't know anymore.
To go against the bandwagon here, it's obviously culturally specific and it's problematic to call it absolutely right or wrong.   I'm getting an aggressive "lock her up" vibe from this thread, and we should consider that there might actually be multiple points of view on this issue.
I guess when you've reaped the reward it's easier to view it that way. Won't be my calling in life but I'm glad to hear that other women appreciate it instead of resenting it.
You can usually at least get a free legal consultation without having to pay for a lawyer. I mean in most places in the US that's how it is, you may need to do some research to see how it is in the UK.  If I were you, I would say that you want nothing to do with this pregnancy thing unless she agrees to have a paternity test done, provided she actually is pregnant.
Good for you! Your strength is impressive and beautiful and I think you are doing the best thing. &lt;3
Yeah I am 5'4.   Which by the petite clothing ranges that are in shops for women only 5'3 and under, I'd suppose I could be considered pretty petite.
This post has been removed. Please repost this without the [Article] tag, as this subreddit does not moderate in accordance with that tag. Posts with misleading tags can lead to confusion by the community regarding moderation standards.   Tags supported are: [Support], [TW], [Trigger Warning], [NSFW], and [IFF]. If your tag was one of these, please [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwoXChromosomes) so we can fix it.   [You can check out our Moderation Policy here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy) Thank you!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TwoXChromosomes) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That's what I was wondering about. I haven't seen it, but thinking of Justice League Dianna vs Gal Gadot, I'm just not seeing the match I would like. JL Dianna was a little naive about some things but always very straightforward and headstrong, and not nearly as coy as it seems like Gal is playing it.
The naivety was to be expected though, I mean it was basically the first Thor film in terms of superhero find themselves in regular society and has no clue about social norms. We'll see a marketed improvement in the Justice League like we had in BvS since she's had a century to adapt.
The supporting actors and actresses were really subpar honestly.
It's good that you'd tell the woman that before the marriage, so anyone with any sense can break the engagement.  Also, the idea that a woman is going to take half your stuff is predicated on the assumption that she doesn't bring any property or income to the marriage. Though, if you're being "old-fashioned", you probably *will* end up with a woman who has no assets or earnings, so... then you might actually lose half of *your* stuff.
It's not my relationship... I am not OP.
Uh? Their last 2 movies have been bad, but before that you have the Batman trilogy which is pretty fucking amazing.
You know that feeling you get when the working day is done?
If your mum is not getting that his behaviour is maniacal and still being in touch with him she's not going to leave him. I'm sorry but I feel like you need to stay away from that house he's dangerous.  Your mum should be putting you  first when he calls you lazy and puts you down. Her self esteem is prob rock bottom living with the Douche but you have to keep your distance press charges he can't get a pass incase your mums upset.  Keep in contact with her. Keep the cops on speed dial and good luck
I could at least get through suicide squad. Man of Steel and Batman v Superman I turned off after 10 minutes. It was so bland and dull. SS had the benefit of having a kick ass sound track and a few cool scenes.   Wonder woman was good, not great. The ending got a little cheesy  that I had to deduct points for making me crack up.
Even though it makes zero sense for them to have different accents. I could see different races, but after thousands of years their accents should have blended
&gt; They didn't just go with the "they're Greek so they're all white" thing.  And let's not forget- "They're all Greek so they're all white with British accents, for some reason" that many movies are obsessed with.
You should be grateful. I'm 47 but look 30s and I'm glad. I was mistaken for a teenager till I reached my late 20s and I'm not petite.
I'm so happy for you and your mom! I had a very similar experience, where one parent had severe anger management and control issues and extremely high expectations for a physically and emotionally abusive asshole of a person. He also used depression, alcoholism and "childhood struggles" as excuses to treat his family like shit. I grew up basically in fear all the time and was conditioned to do/feel certain things that I realise now are super fucking not normal. I used to hope and pray that we could run away or that he'd die or get run over or that he'd finally follow through with the suicide he kept threatening. Anyway, long story short, after I tried to cut him off and threatened to run away if he didn't leave me alone, my mother was finally convinced over 2 years that divorce was the way to go. She still doesn't feel at times that it was the right choice but her kids definitely thank her for it.
&gt;She decides...you support.  Sounds a bit controlling, don't you think?
I didn't use it as a phrase to put my feelings into. I was told that by a former best friend.
Marvel is still hesitant to make an R-rated movie with any cast from the Avengers, a pg-13 series, and to make a Black Widow movie with her background would have to be either R or an abomination to the character and her back story.
fuck this guy. you deserve so much better but holy shit i commend you for being so strong and being able to act so fast after such a reeling situation. its very clear you're an awesome mom, its obvious youre doing this for your kids.   fuck this guy for the sole reason he likes to hunt. now your kids dont have to grow up thinking killing animals for fun is acceptable
I'm 29+ and look 15-18. It hasn't been an issue. The dudes who I have dated have no issues with it. You have to get past it by looking around and acknowledging that there are other women who look young and don't have an issue. Look at who is in your social group. If there are many women that look young and have relationships it helps to see others who are living your ideal.
Genius idea about the headphones. *slow clap* sometimes reddit just makes me feel better about humanity and how wonderful people are.   (cries in happy)
Yes, you are wrong.
Yeah, I think guys hope that if they keep trying, some woman will say yes. The stupid part is it probably works sometimes too! I think you should just say your not interested but, don't do it in a way that would make them feel embarassed and act out more (ie: sorry, I just want to read my book/chat with my friend on phone). Most guys will back off...the few who don't just say it's flattering but, you have a boyfriend...or whatever works for you to shut it down. Really, I just suggest being assertive but, try not to antagonize them. If someone follows you off the bus, pull out your phone, call someone and step back for them to "walk passed you".
LOLOL.  Point taken.  HA!  I spilled my coffee.  I was referring to the 'friendship that developed too far' or the 'got drunk at a party one night stand' which, while just as malicious and as much of a choice as any other type of cheating, it easier to attempt to recover from than the self entitled sausage who actively goes looking for hook-ups (sometimes one of the hook-ups does turn into an emotional affair).  The guy is 'on the prowl'  looking to cheat.
Jews care, and those that engage in identity politics should care.  The bigotry from the right stems from Jews not being white, being an alien minority. And the bigotry from the left stems from Jews being too white/privileged, and not being a "real" minority. From a leftist perspective, everyone else gets to be a minority and define the bigotry against them except Jews.  Did you read the article at all?  It's an interesting article because it gives an oft neglected perspective on identity politics.  Of course, if you don't care about identity politics to begin with then you won't care about the article.
It has a lot of things I enjoy doing, most notably hiking and other outdoor recreation, it's a beautiful area in the mountains, there's a big influx of young people moving out there (hence a better chance of making friends if there are more newcomers like me, plus it's only 5.5-6 hours from where I live now, meaning too far away to break down and drive "home" after a bad day, but close enough that I could visit old friend over the weekends if I want to.
Nah, I wasn't actually. Hence why I asked "at all". The SAHP deserves breaks, so does the financially contributing parent. Example: MWF, dad gets to come home and relax. TT, when dad gets home he cooks dinner and watches the kids while mom takes a break. Etc.   Works for pleeeenty of families with involved parents and little outside help.
This comment was removed:  Please see rule 1.     ---  [2X FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/faq) | [2X Rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/rules) | [2X Moderation Policy](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy) | [reddiquette](/wiki/reddiquette) | [reddit's rules](/rules)
I totally understand that!  In my inept (apparently!) way, I was saying that it is clearly more than one woman.
The Iron Giant.
So, what the article says is that it's access to birth control, not abstinence education.  &gt; In Texas, if a 17-year-old mom wants prescription birth control, in most cases she needs her parents' permission. "Only us and Utah have a law that if you're already a parent, you are the legal medical guardian of your baby but you cannot make your own medical decisions without the now-grandma involved," Daverth says.  I also love this anecdote: &gt; "I was top of the class," she says. "I had a GPA of 4.5, a full-tuition scholarship to UTD. I was not the stereotypical girl someone would look at and say, 'Oh, she's going to get pregnant and drop out of school.' "  &gt; But right before her senior year of high school, Chester, then 17, missed her period. ... &gt; After Skylar was born, Chester wasn't given contraception counseling and still wasn't sure where to go for help. Three months later she was pregnant again. She and her then-boyfriend, now-husband hadn't realized she could get pregnant so soon after having a baby. She was a full-time student at UT-Dallas at that point, double-majoring in molecular biology and business administration. But the education Chester never got, she says, was sex ed.  Miss 4.5 GPA, major in biology, gets pregnant *three months* after her last pregnancy because she only received abstinence education?  You just had a baby!  What more do you need to know about sex ed?
What if a pharmacist has a moral objection to someone's cancer drugs, heart medication, antidepressant, etc.
You're into arts right? I would consider making one of those golden venture origamis.    http://www.origami-resource-center.com/golden-venture-folding.html  Those take a bit time to make, but it's definitely worth it. You can make absolutely anything out of those: I, for example, made a giant snake. The best thing is that the material for one costs like 1€.
If this is the case then I better not see any condoms being sold, since these idiots think birth control has a single purpose and (technically) that purpose mirrors that of condoms.
New set of headphones.. I have a problem
Some stores are also not busy enough to allow for two pharmacists.
Yes.  And that sounds right.  I think so too.. it's definitely something I've thought about.
Thank you! He loves rasberries and pies!! :D
I worked with a pharmacist who absolutely refused to fill prescriptions for plan b, when it was still behind the counter, and most people would become mad, but it's retail and it wouldn't be a normal day without pissing someone off  ( she was catholic and very religious ). When it went otc she would still refuse, but I or other techs would step in and sell it. I see no problem with someone refusing it for that persons belief. They can either go somewhere else, which most big box terrible chain   pharmacies won't be happy with, or wait until another pharmacist shows up..... Either way, working in retail pharmacy for ten years has shown me, it's a terrible working environment. And usually the place your working for does NOT have your back.
Thank you!! :D
Lots of women call themselves fat. Myself included, when I was. It's not a bad word. It's an accurate descriptor.
The golden rule is "Always use double protection", typically the pill and condom.
What's next, doctors unwilling to vaccinate?
&gt;I don't think you can deny service based on religious beliefs to be honest.  That depends on the state you are in.  http://www.ncsl.org/research/health/pharmacist-conscience-clauses-laws-and-information.aspx
&gt;When you do things right, people won’t be sure you’ve done anything at all.
My chest still feels heavy today. I'm taking quite shallow breaths and I feel like there's a weight. Is that normal?
&gt; But hey they spend like 25% of their budget on their army instead of fixing stuff like this so they get to call themselves the greatest nation in the world by threat of force.   This is such a flawed argument. The same goes with Nukes. You do realize that the fact that the world has nukes is why there has not been a major war between super powers right? Also, you realize that the fact that the USA has an unbeatable military is why the USA and her allies have not been attacked right? The last country that tried (Japan) got their asses handed to them subsequently.   You point out the 25% of the budget, but here are some real numbers for you:  Defense: 3.2% GDP (585 bln)  Social Security: 4.9% GDP (910 bln)  Medicaid: 2.0% GDP (368 bln)  Medicare: 3.2% GDP (588 bln)  So, as you can see, defense is dwarfed by health and wellness spending in the USA.
I don't think it's to a lesser extent. You should hear some girls when they are in their female groups without others around. Just like men.
So then if that wasn't my period, I basically missed a second period?
Funny, but I tend to think the same about Americans. It shows up in both video games and movies. It's all about the graphics, all about the SFX, always at the expense of story and/or game mechanics.
I hope your day gets better and I hope it's a quiet one. :)
I feel like that could be a fair argument except I see a lot of mothers in my area who DO NOT use it for child care. And there is no recourse going the other way.  I'm a childless woman so maybe my opinion doesn't count for much but I feel like unless there is two way accountability and more resources to help fathers who can't pay (because un/under-employed men get seriously shafted in some states). Also the whole "women get favorited in custody issues." and "women get child support even when there is 50/50 custory???????"   Sorry. I am just shy of 30 and my friends who married young are now getting divorced. I see shitty people on both sides of the genital divide but I feel men get judged harsher for it.
What helped me was getting a hormonal IUD. I used to have to skip school because of my periods. Now that I have Mirena I no longer get periods so no more pain and blood. It did take months for Mirena to settle though but it was worth it.
&gt;Trans women only benefit from male privilege to a certain extent while presenting male - only as far as they can convince themselves and everyone around them that they're men.   Those early years of socialization, especially during puberty are irreplaceable, though. Especially if we're talking about privilege when it comes to certain things. Someone who didn't grow up presenting like a woman simply won't have the lived experience of what it was like being a young girl; when society informs us who we are going to be in the service of that society. Spending our formative years being groomed for things like rape culture and lack of social power is something that can't be replaced. Some of the greatest forms of privilege are how/what people have been taught. For instance, a close friend of mine in high school is trans, but didn't transition until she was 30. She's fully a woman, but she still has all the benefits of being groomed in an environment where she was capable by default and deserved things the girls didn't. Mindset matters, it's not just discreet quantities of things.
Thanks a bunch. I appreciate your compassion and understanding for my friend going through a troubled time.  /s
We went to a BnB for a long weekend for our 2 years. It was pretty great and I highly recommend.
I'm sorry, I don't have any tips on how to help or anything, but Im sending you hugs if you want 'em. This sounds like a terrible situation to be in,take good care of yourself and surround yourself with people you trust and love.
You're welcome! Anytime ;)
Binge watch 16 and pregnant.  Nearly every single girl expresses regret at the end of each episode.   I am 29 and married and I still have moments of feeling like I missed out.  I had my first child at 25 and I did it before I travelled.  I don't regret my children but I do regret not travelling before I had them.   At sixteen there are hundreds of things you should experience in your youth that will be either impossible or severely encumbered with a child.  And a child isn't a short term thing.  It's a decades long commitment.  How can you justify something like travel when your kid needs braces, or a college fund?    A child can wait 5 years for your to experience your youth... can your youth wait 20 years for you to raise a child?
OP, you don't need to be sorry!
I am a mother. My son is a toddler and I am going to have another in a couple months. I am currently in my thirties and I have wanted to have children for a long time. I put it off so that I could become the well rounded mother I wanted to be. I completed my undergrad, worked, saved money, and traveled as much as I could. I then completed graduate school, studying something I am very interested in. I tried different careers so that I was able to settle on one that I love so that I can enjoy going to work. My husband is not the guy I thought I was destined to be with when I was in high school. I've had many wonderful experiences and I know that I will never be sad that I didn't get the chance to do something because kids got in the way. I have great stories to tell my son (and soon to be baby) and I feel like a great role model for my children. If you are set on having children, just think of what a wonderful mother you could be in a few years with a bit more experience under your belt! Not saying that being young disqualifies you from being a great parent, I'm just trying to give you reasons to want to wait. If not for your sake, then for your future kids.
You are seriously out of touch. Yes, planned parenthood provides birth control and this should not be at all surprising or suspicious.
Just fine, only regret was that I didn't do it as frequently when I was younger. It's personally one of the most satisfying things to do now
They're not your friends, one good friend is worth 500 of those types. They're a lifesuck, cut em loose
"fetishizing" is basically a term for "finding something sexually attractive not a lot of people do".  There's an MtF professional StarCraft player and I once said I really liked her voice and that transwomen often have very pleasant voices to listen to that sound breathy in a calm way and someone got angry at me for "fetishizing"; it wasn't even sexual; it's just a pleasant voice to listen to. There's a male StarCraft player who incidentally looks a lot like her and has a very similar voice which I also find pleasant to listen to for the same reason.  Or you know when you like it that women have a phallus for like the exact same reason you like it that men have a phallus you are "fetishizing" as well. No I just think phalli are more convenient since I have the other part of the connector. Irrespective of gender I just think phalli are more convenient but because it's unusual when a woman has it it automatically becomes fetishizing.  Or some topic on r/askmen highlighting the bizarrely racist culture of the US where apparently a white woman who mostly sleeping with black men must be _fetishizing_ them but if a black woman does the same thing then it isn't because oh my god the US is a racist shithole where the concept of sleeping with people from other races is some super unusual idea that needs to be remarked upon.  I'm not angry; I'm just passionate about the issues man.
I cut my sister out. She still refuses to admit her wrongdoing and paints herself as a victim when I enforce my boundaries. We didn't have a stellar relationship growing up and she often took her frustrations out on me. She was a bully in every way. My parents still try to force a relationship because they just want to see their kids get along but they keep enabling her behavior. My other sister is this close to cutting her out too. It's unfortunate I still have to see her sometimes when I fly back to visit but I stay civil and short.
Honestly? Because I didn't know you could do a PhD in engineering and I wanted to do one. I also thought physics would be easier. Boy, was I wrong!
Have you looked into endometriosis? My friend went through things that sound a lot like what you're going through. Research it anyways.
Sex is not pregnancy but unless you are the Virgin Mary, pregnancy is a direct byproduct of sex. If you choose to overlook this fact then you probably shouldn't be having sex anyway. There are ways to have sex safely with minimal to no risk of getting pregnant. Accidents happen but having sex while not on birth control, not using condoms, etc. does not classify a pregnancy as accidental. In short, just because you didn't plan on getting pregnant, if you do the act which causes pregnancy in a way that enables you to get pregnant, well, that's just on you...
In the end, regardless of how it was conceived the child itself needs support. Yes I can agree that some things might need to be changed to ensure that the needs of the child are taken care of rather than the parent.
How is that a mistake?
I get ovulation pain and it's like a bad, one sided cramp for a few hours. I'm also getting tested for endometriosis soon.
I remember being pregnant with my first child, alone and broke. After a few people on my facebook found out what i was going through, they sent me 376$ in cash and bought me 5 -6 packs of diapers. This was the kindest anyone has ever been to me.
There's a middle ground between provoking the husband and making him violent towards OP and not doing anything.   The wife should be made aware that people are there to help her if she needs and wants to.   The police might not be able to respond to the situation anytime soon if there's isn't a violent altercation right there and now to report and the wife will be better off if it doesn't come to this.       Imagine there's a construction next door to you that seems unstable. You've notified the firemarshal* but since it's not collapsing right now they're tied up with ongoing collapses and can't get to your neighbor right away.   But you hear it creak, again, it's not collapsing but you're pretty sure it's due any time now. Are you going to wait until you see rubles to go and tell people inside to evacuate, or are you going to, safely for you, try and get them to safety?    *replace the person you'd have to notify, you get my drift.
It's more common then you think. I was curled up on my bathroom floor after puking out my guts constantly during my periods. My doc refused to give me birth control because "pain is normal, drink more water, try exercising." (Sorry. I feel the need to rant about the jerk indirectly making my childhood hell).
Not really
Op, you might want to keep the phone call that she didn't answer. So if anyone asks if you tried to reach out to her you can show them that as proof you haven't had contact with her.
If you have a debit card and Facebook, set yourself up for payments through messenger. I'll shoot you what I can when I can. PM me.
What does the fertility monitor do? It should work even with a copper IUD in, it doesn't affect hormones. I track my cycle with mucus, cervical height and temperature and ovulate regularly.
When I owned my business I set it up as a drop off point for clients to donate for homeless teens and here is what I learned. They ALWAYS need feminine supplies. It is often overlooked. Also whenever you stay at a hotel keep all the shampoo and travel size products so that you can donate them to those in need.
We are still friends, which I am so appreciative of. I am married to someone else and he is great and very different from the first. I think we can have multiple "right" loves in their own way. My husband understands and is very supportive of our friendship.
Mind. Blown.
Yes you would have. More than if the situation was reversed as well.
&gt;And how does it get there?  On it's own. Sex is the "door" but a sperm and an egg and zygote move on their own.   Sex is not forcing anyone or anything. If that were the case, the law would have already defined sex as some sort of de facto child endangerment.   &gt;So I can just shoot whoever I want and say that I thought they might endanger me in the future? Do you honestly believe this?  Strawman ftw. What is bodily autonomy again? You cannot be forced to retreat or wait or stop for something that is placing you at immediate physical harm.   Pregnancy is an immediate harm. Your immune system is immediately compromised. Your heart-rate and blood pressure are immediately strained.  No body has to prove anything when it is a case of your body being trespassed and there is no other option of defense.  Why do you think the majority of adults who die from preventable diseases are pregnant women btw?  Why are you arguing the right to cold-bloodedly murder anyone?  Do you have any shame?  &gt;You used the analogy of a bee... I was using yours.  You strawmanned it for your own purposes. You did't "use" anything. And you did so horribly. I'm putting you up there with "fetuses are midgets that you kidnap into your body" and "women's uteruses are like rocks that a lion is sitting on."  &gt;Except, the bug doesn't fly in. By opening the door you create a gust which forces the bug in.  Lol. No. A pregnancy isn't a pregnancy unless the sperm connects with the egg, and the zygote literally burrows into the uterus. Even if there is a "gust" of whatever, (is the gust sperm maybe? I don't know...is it always and only the woman's fault) there is no pregnancy without the action of the zygote in "burrowing" into the lining of the uterus.   Anyway, creating a wind doesn't equal child endangerment nor consent nor guilt. Are you capable of understanding that?  Or is that too advanced law for you?  &gt;Do you think a woman should be allowed to yell "Stop!" and then immediately shoot the guy she was having sex with because he was mid-thrust?   If he doesn't stop, then hypothetically yes, if that was the only means for her to defend herself. I mean, really are you really arguing that rape is not something you have the right to lethal force and that a woman (or man) must ask permission from the government first before acting in self defense?   No one has to prove an attempt to de-escalate or mediate when your body is being violated. Even the most liberal nanny state doesn't prevent this right.  &gt;It's not even labor... Well, the part called labor is called that, but the rest is not. It is not labor as it doesn't require any work all it requires is you not getting an abortion.  Your heart, lungs, immune system and all organs are working double time as hosts for another being. You are bullshitting me right now right?  &gt;Being less like slavery doesn't make it better. Being safer doesn't necessarily make it better. I made no value claim.  Your entire argument is a zero sum game. The other side must lose for your single-issue to be valid.   I've already proved to you it is by definition slavery, and it isn't by an means ANY LESS slavery than your crazy obsession with child support.   &gt; Nor was that the definition given prior.  Yes it was. At least three times, both constitutionally with links, and in general terms.   Can you read? Or are you intentionally not reading what I have to say.  I'd like to think better of you.   &gt;Now I am convinced. You are totally inept at having a conversation.  Yeah, sure, I'm not the one claiming that sex is baby kidnapping and that southern slavery wasn't as bad as they said it was.  &gt;You literally quoted me saying I say it was more important and used that as evidence I thought it was more important.  ? Did you mean to say it like this because I'm not sure. Are you saying your words are not trustworthy and not to be taken at face value?
Reading this, I'm unclear how she ghosted you?  To me, it sounds like you tried to push her through social anxiety (or something else) that she was clearly struggling with, and cut her out of your life when she couldn't just will the problems away.  To be honest, you owe her an apology, not the other way around.  If you needed more from the friendship than she was giving, you *talk* about that and try and work out *why* it's hard for her, and try and find solutions that will work for both of you.    What you don't do is lay down ultimatums!  If she's struggling with anxiety, that will just increase her anxiety!  If she's struggling with other stuff that you don't know about, it makes you appear as intolerant and uncaring.
Hey I never said men didn't want to be treated the same as women. I probably worded it badly but I was trying to say that both genders should be treated like human beings.
lol
I am not glorifying sex work, I am simply stating that it is hypocritical for any sex worker to be treated less than human.The same women that scream women's rights, but treat a sex worker like poo.Just because someone is marching down the block wearing a knitted pink cat hat does not make one a feminist.
I'm a 45 SWM.  I've been single for around 18 years.   A little context:   I'm a normal guy. an intelligent professional, get paid well, good at my job, live well.  I've been on literally hundreds of dates from online romance sites. I've joined speed dating clubs and been to a great many of them.  I've asked countless people to dinner - countless. I even joined some services that connected people. I've directly approached women. I've flirted, made friends with them. I've asked women out while standing at a bus stop. I am literally that guy who has done everything possible to find a girlfriend. Every kind of woman.  From beautiful Russian models to poor toothless hoarders who sleep next to coffins, to magicians assistants in a circus, to amazing and wonderful business managers, and even concert pianists.  I've dated or dined with them all.  I've been rejected so many times.  Some of them you just can't continue with also because, well, you know... coffins.  As I think about it, I went a blind date with a woman who was 8 1/2 month pregnant once. It was a fine date, but I couldn't honestly continue.  So you understand it's a two way thing.  Still, as time has gone on I became less and less capable of asking women on dates - A couple of times recently I've become so overcome by this sense of inadequacy. Enormous waves of self doubt.  Incredible sensations of worthlessness.  I've sometimes dwelt on this complete inability I have now.  No woman would ever want some loser guy who doesn't have no confidence. And today, I just don't have confidence at all. Nothing. I begin to experience a physical sensation now, like being crushed in the chest.  And then I want to break into tears.  I almost did recently, right on the street there. I know my eyes began to water and it was everything I could do to stop that.  I'm pretty good at hiding emotions now.  people think I'm friendly and out going, but beneath all that I'm something I don't like.    And all you can do is stop yourself thinking about it. That's what you have to do.  disregard all this nonsense people tell you.  they tell you it's your fault.  you've got bad self esteem, or you need to get in the gym, or you need to stop looking or you need learn to dance a merry jig. All that is garbage.  You need to stop thinking about it.  Do some activity that you find enjoyable and do that instead.  So I do other things.  Play the piano.  Save my my money.  Try to invest in in ecological activities.  Plant trees.  Do things that make life worthwhile. it's not children, and it's not the love of a movie romance, but you know. Somehow, using your life to try improve the lives of others is about the least evil thing a person can do in this life. It's all I know.   Time goes on and you do handle it.  It's not fun, but you do handle it. But you handle it better when you're doing something else tho, and that's what you need to do.
I feel your pain, girl. I worked in a smaller hardware store in high school, and people would decline my offer to help when I passed by them in an aisle, then they'd immediately go ask a male co-worker for help...
Talk to Rape Crisis, and look for assertiveness training and cognitive behaviour therapy. At 14, you were a child. You were not responsible for what happened to you, and it does not define who you are.
When people say DC hasn't made a good movie in the last decade, it's like they forgot The Dark Knight and directly insult Heath Ledger's performances.
I am not sure, but I wanted to let you know that Livia is just a TENS unit, and it probably isn't even that much better than a normal TENS unit, that you can buy for like a quarter of the cost- might not need that HSA.
Many practitioners don't want to see you until you're a couple months along. What you'd miss is possibly the nuchal translucency screening (which is an ultrasound) to determine the possible presence of Down Syndrome. This has to be done around 9 weeks, and has a margin of error to it, so many people don't have it done. Other than that, there's nothing particularly important that comes to mind. Do make sure you are taking a prenatal with folic acid.   Source: has four kids.
I think the main issue with the nail polish, (same issue with the straws) it might not be very effective due to a low prevalence rate of date rape drugs.
Well regardless they look really good!
No problem. Target seemed to be super strict on meals and breaks. You have to take a meal for every 6 hours you work. So we usually took the meal break around the 3rd or 4th hour of the 6 hour shift.   Not taking it triggered a meal compliance, which has something to do with the State's OSHA (not sure I spelt it right) Rules.
I don't know what America has to do with it but people here don't want them to die, just get rid of some of their rights
Hi sorry I should of said I don't get my period at all!..
This is something we have always had to deal with. There is a problem, but because women are the victims there isn't anything done, so we have to come up with workarounds just to live our lives.
Because, trade orientated, stores have only about 30% female customers.   I've only really seen a handful of women in Wickes, and almost none in Building supply stores.   Same thing happens when I go to buy fabrics or closest items (oils and paper for homemade drawer liners), not many blokes buying wool-linen blend material.
That's completely a personal decision. There are side effects to any medication you take. OCPs carry a higher risk of strokes, in addition to a long list of other side effects. There are also studies showing that OCPs help prevent other cancers. Basically, pick how you want to die. I personally don't use hormonal contraceptives (I had a paragard IUD for 10 years, now use nothing because I'm not sexually active), but some people like being able to regulate or completely suppress their periods.
Well, I can't flash it in public.  I can't touch people with it.  Can't whack it in public.
I have no idea what sort of test they did. She just said it was negative. I think I'll get another test and check this weekend, just to be certain.
I bet there is 0% chance of him getting arrested for this.  Something like a restraining order would come way before that.  And you're not going to get a restraining order for a guy who came to work once to see you.
Yeh I was caught very off guard. And I agree with your message idea. I had to call the police because of where I work. But as I have had men assault me in the street before, I have gotten used to first port of call to report it just in case. A few years ago I would have felt I was making a fuss. But I was quite proud of myself to feel self assured in my actions :)
notyetawizard 9 minutes ago      Hey, I mean, I'm not saying you're an ass, but the bot's made it's opinion pretty clear here ;)  notyetawizard 1 hour ago      Maybe it also knows that you could stand to hear some women's experiences and be less of an ass? The bot is pretty smart.  I'm not saying you're an ass, But you're an ass.
Why do you need an engagement ring? Why not just get your wedding rings?
I'm thinking down the road, as more fighters have longer careers, more head injuries, etc. like the NFL.
&gt;A man explaining something or holding a different opinion is not some sexist thing.   Your are correct. Because that's not what mansplaining is. Mansplaining is something else entirely, and any woman would tell you that.
Okay, thanks, didn't know!
Let me just say...ugh.  Fucking humans.
I sincerely hope, for the sake of whoever's filed this lawsuit, that they haven't invested any money in doing so. Because they don't understand what the First Amendment is, and they're going to lose hilariously badly.
No way! Honestly, this goes way beyond him being interested in pursuing come type of relationship. There's no reason for him to show up at your place of work. I'd be a bit caught off guard if a friend did that without asking first. Does your work place have security? Definitely call them, and ask about having him banned from the property.
I would never play in a league where female members are considered a different part of the team from male members. Teams requiring women are bad enough.
Thanks. Yeh I was feeling a bit silly this morning. But glad I did stick with my gut feeling. Hopefully he doesn't come again as he's been told specifically to keep away.
How much time between you telling him he wasn't going to be driving and him saying he was drunk?
Lol my cat is an inbred with cross eyes but all she does is run into walls... I'll work on it.
Nope, never been pregnant. I figured I would be able to feel it, since I'm usually very in-tuned with my body. I'm just a big worry wort!
Yeh he has been warned and is not allowed in. Police have been notified as well for this 3rd visit. Taxi home today sorted by my work too which was nice of them. Fingers crossed he won't come again! Eep.
Rutherford said that all science is either physics or stamp collecting. I am inclined to agree.
The fact that someone else got a lower sentence in a completely different case doesn't tell us anything. Sentencing isn't based on what "most people" get. (And I'm curious if you have any statistics on how much time most murderers get, or if you just *feel* like most of them get a lower sentence.  [Almost every state has life in prison as a potential sentence for murder, and in many states a life sentence is required](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_punishments_for_murder_in_the_United_States).) Sentencing in a given case is based on the facts at hand, the charges a person was convicted of, the required sentences for those charges in the state in which it occurred, and any aggravating or mitigating factors.
Legally, you should only use black or deep blue pens. Of course this depends on jurisdiction. It's common to have people sign in blue so you know that that document is the original.
Does the government not fund these institutions though?
Why don't you move away from that primitive place?
Never even thought of that 😓
I don't get why that's for a kid mainly because I don't see how it's comfy
Well if you think reacting negatively to a sexist and douchey comment as being "hypersensitive" then you're clearly not sensitive enough.
You rinse the majority out with cold water, launder them in cold water without bleach or fabric softener and hang dry.
It does happen in group settings. We were having a planning meeting with 3 specialists to discuss a project we are currently spearheading and he kept interrupting the more quiet of the 3. I was in the middle of giving my organized spiel to the scientists when he tried to interrupt making mouth noises four times that i kept talking through. Finally, the fifth time, he managed to break through and meekly declare his statement.  I am so over men talking over me.
usually "support in hard time" is a pretty standard expectation in a friendship.
Wowwww I feel so lucky to have the education I did.
He is the boss because he was second in command over a series of programs that showed progress and the main person over this branch of retired out to the consulting pasture.
Should have sent him to jail so he could have experienced another different environment
well, since it was her choice what last name to have and what last name to give her kids, you could not possibly have made her do either of those things. she is mad that she made the wrong choices.
Why did you assume the negative things that op was talking about came from close friends who had good intentions?
That doesn't give you a right to comment on it.
In what ways do they have to choose their career over a child?
Are you a scientologist who thinks psychology isn't real?
Where I am, there are very, *very* few physicians who treat trans patients. So it's easy to imagine how difficult it is to get into them, and you don't have the choice of going to whom you're comfortable with. That's not a privilege the trans community has.  It was also difficult for me to find my physician, because so many have stopped prescribing ADHD medication.   Even though I have insurance that says parts of my transition are covered, I still can't really afford it. So I still plan on using Planned Parenthood (while consulting with my doctor throughout the process).   I have other trans friends who use PP and absolutely love the care  Edit: Just to add, the closest PP that provides trans care is about an hour away. So incredibly inaccessible to many in the trans community in my city
I usually compliment haircuts, jewelery and nonsexual articles of clothing.  Gotta play safe.
That's a terrible argument based on utter disregard for the ability of women to make their own decisions. It's the opposite of feminism.
If I am scared and want to avoid violence I will mention I have a taser because I'm the smallest.  Somehow it's ok to kill a black teenager because he's wearing a hoodie, but even mention you have a taser to a white guy and you are in trouble.
I'm talking about what I've seen across my life. I'm debating it based on thoughts life experiences. It's called coming to a conclusion. Of course I don't know for sure, I'm just debating it. How can you say what's right just being one fat person?
Not a good idea. He will differ from all the other kids. Some time in the future some of his friends kay be talking about how he finds X girl attractive because of her breasts. He might say that you walk around topless in the household and his friends might ostrasize him for that.   I don't care what anyone says about breasts not being sexual, but in the western society that we live in they are.   So yeah, not a good idea. Just let him grow up like the rest of the boys, he won't feel strange or excluded. If you stop now he might forget when he is older.
Ha ha. Right. That's what happened. I COULD have countered your points, I was just tired. Never heard that one before.   &gt;Your insistence on the last word is rather childish.  If it's childish then why are you still here trying to have the last word? It's not childish for me to keep going since I never wanted to end it in the first place. You wanted to have your cake and eat it too. It's blatantly obvious.
That's insane.  The hospital is being seriously unethical IMO.  It seems like they would prefer that the fetus lived at your expense, even if it was death, given that doctors already determined that it was a danger to your health and the fetus.    I have positive experiences with PP as well.  I was 16, and it was one of the first times I was intimate with my first gf.  We used a condom, but she still got pregnant.  PP was the only place we could go for confidentially, because her parents probably would've disowned her if they had found out.
[Yes, I believe they are.](http://salsa4.salsalabs.com/o/51171/p/dia/action3/common/public/?action_KEY=20603)
As an American looking for opportunities to work in the UK, I get what you're saying. I'm pretty tired of this place.
First of all, there are very few people who will be healthy above the healthy BMI range, but you're right that there are lots of people in the healthy range that have an unhealthy body fat percentage. I do see what you're saying about how it's somewhat misleading to have a set number and think you'll be healthy when you get there, but I don't think it's that unusual to set the top of a healthy bmi as your goal if you're overweight. It's good to have weight loss goals, it doesn't mean it's the end all be all of good health when you reach them.
If I wanted a child, I could adopt. It's an option for almost everyone. I fear that without my body working against me, I don't know that I would have put any thought into the option of not having children voluntarily. When I was told I couldn't have children the relief I felt made me do some serious soul searching. I really truly don't want children so yes, I feel like for me being infertile is a blessing. I don't see anything silly about that.
Seriously?
Bigger cities have trans specific health care centers but they're usually hella expensive
I mean the Conservatives were the ones who passed Gay marriage after the last two Labour PMs refused to do so.  Also note, the Conservative Manifesto has Gay marriage as a civil right and can't be brought up only if 50% of caucus votes to bring it up which is nearly impossible.
My FB is private so I'm not too worried about messages. She could find my blog (or text me), but I can block stuff on there. I guess technically they could harass me on twitter or Instagram, but I think he's more concerned about me telling me than he is about bothering me. He has blocked me on FB because I think he's scared I will post our texts on his wall and reveal what he's into sexually and that he was looking for a casual sex arrangement.  I am a bit worried about running into him in person, but I still think he's more concerned about staying away from me than confronting me. But I plan on keeping all screenshots of any communication in case I need it.   Thank you for the advice. It's too late for me to go back and take away what I did. I've unfortunately slept with someone who I found out later was engaged and didn't do anything about it. But I've been cheated on before and this time just pissed me off too much that I couldn't stay quiet.
Thank you. Online dating sucks and this isn't the first time I've met someone who was engaged and I didn't know it. But I think with all my bad luck lately I'm due for an amazing date soon!
🤢
Whenever the woman doesn't want to donate her body to a fetus
I've been cheated on before and didn't find out until much later. I tried to do what I wished someone had done for me. I know that not everyone would want to know if their fiancee was sleeping around, but it's a tough call to make when you know you would want to know. And I know it wasn't criminal, but if he is sleeping around without protection I felt it was a safety/health issue for her to know so she can protect herself.
Of course you can be sad.  You had a perfect, wonderful romance that unfortunately wasn't going to survive real life and all that distance.  But it's okay to be sad at losing it.
When you're new to an area PP can be a great option, I am a Californian and have gone to them for my needs when I shifted around or needed an option when I was without insurance.  They actually sometimes do dispense BC a year upfront, so that might be familiar and good for you! After you get established and know what your insurance might be like then you can call an OBGYN if you do not wish to continue to go to PP.
I mean in the last 35 years women have been PM longer than men.  &gt;equally represented,  That shouldn't be the goal, the goal should be no matter if it's a man v women in a election the women has the same oppurnity to run.  I mean example in my riding in Canada had a Female Conservative MP from 2004 to 2015 but she lost to a male Liberal mp.  She didn't lose because people didn't want equal representation she lost because the other guy had better ideas.  * Note she lost by like 600 votes and ran for mayor where she won by like 40% so she'll be back.
But if you're pro life as in want abortion to be illegal you are forcing your beliefs onto others...  Being against abortion as an option for you is cool, you can still be a feminist
I understand. I looked up what you're referring to and I'm a bit mortified, as the stigmatization of mental illness hits home for me. Nonetheless, I find comfort in the healing power of forgiveness. I hope you too can avoid experiencing any negative feelings, though it is your right to experience whatever you feel or don't feel, as you wish.
You deserve to be treated with love and respect. You are not wrong here. Your needs are valid, and your husband needs to step up. Hugs! Stay strong. Maybe write a letter to your husband about all your issues, since "live" arguments sometimes don't come out as well, and you have all the time to phrase your words carefully. Since you still love him, its about finding a solutions to keep both of you happy.
I only have one X chromosome. When I was 15, I had fairly long hair (shoulder/armpit length). I worked in a grocery store and was required to put my hair up in a ponytail. At least a few times every week, customers would see my ponytail from behind and mistake me for a woman. It was really embarrassing - especially for a young man fresh out of puberty, you can maybe imagine how humiliating it was.  My coworkers male and female alike thought it was funny and nobody grew their hair out as a sign of solidarity.
In the article, it says the mothers did the cutting.
It's not a "reactionary backlash hate group". Saying that basically means that you deny that men also have gender specific problems. Take circumsizion for example, it's a routine practice and even promoted in the USA, but as soon as there's female circumsizion there's a massive outrage.  Sure, FGM can be worse than circumsizion but it's both unconsensual gender mutilation to babies which is BOTH completely unacceptable. Another problem is domestic abuse which men face just as much as women, but which is often forgotten or denied. Men's rights activism fights against those inequalities, just as feminism fights against female problems. Feminism is neither a hate group against men, nor is men's rights activism a hate group against women
&gt; I mean the Conservatives were the ones who passed Gay marriage after the last two Labour PMs refused to do so.  The majority of Conservative MPs in Parliament either voted against or abstained from legalising same sex marriage (117 votes in favour, 127 votes against, 51 abstentions).
Thought this was on r/nottheonion at first.
Point of clarification - the child in this article is not a boy.  She is a girl.
what's your point?  Sounds like you think we shouldn't investigate and measure to confirm problems.  I disagree.  How can we know we are getting better or worse if we don't measure?  How can we address deniers if we don't have numbers?  How can we investigate where to change if we don't have data?  "What you want to change, you measure."
They didn't cut their hair short enough.
Possibly a good way to trap a teenage girl in a relationship...based on this guy's post history, I'm guessing that's his metric.
I'm 28 and have never had a boyfriend. There's been people I've been attracted to but they were taken.  It doesn't really bother me; the prospect of becoming a spinster honestly doesn't scare me. A friend of mine often vents her boyfriend woes unto me when we meet up, which makes me feel like I'm probably missing out on a lot of grief despite sometimes craving the company of the person I can't have. Double-edged sword.
Hi OP,  The first thing you need to do is congratulate yourself on the effort you have already put forward. Losing weight is something that is very tricky because it is (mostly) poorly understood. People have been trying different things with varying degrees of success for decades. For some though, nothing ever seems to work.   As this is 2017, we don't need to place as much guesswork into it. That isn't to say everyone doesn't have their own favorite path to weight loss or the one that worked for them. It just means that we know more now than we did a long time ago. This will require some research from you and no less effort, but you might gain better results.  Let's start with the basics to get you into the right frame of mind.  Your body is a car. Humans aren't made from steel and rubber, but we do love a car analogy. This one might fit.  When your car is at idle, it burns only as much gas as it takes to keep the engine on. It would be poorly designed if it used more fuel than necessary when it wasn't doing any work. We want our fuel to last as long as possible so we can go as far as possible to the next fuel station. Your body isn't much different. Not very long time before modern grocery stores when starvation was a greater risk, your body's ability to conserve calories would have been one of the one things standing between you and death. That doesn't help us in the age of the convenience store snack counter unless we think about how our bodies are supposed to work.  &gt;  I only eat 600 cals. a day  Your body doesn't know if it is 2017AD, 3000BC, or a year in the millions when giraffes rule man. It just knows that you need a certain amount of calories per day to survive. You aren't getting those for an extended period of time. The response is ultra caloric conservation. Your body's metabolism slows down, you burn dramatically less calories, and your health begins to decline. That is your body responding to starvation.  The second thing you need to do in your long journey is calculate your TDEE or total daily energy expenditure. This will give you a rough idea (you can improve with more detailed calculations) of how many calories your body needs in a day. For reference, they recommend a minimum of 700 - 800 calorie a day during fasting periods on some diets to stay out of starvation-mode range. You're well inside of it causing your body to work against you.  Luckily, you need to eat a lot more of the right things instead of as little as you are. You don't need to be hungry all the time. You don't need to think a single candy bar moves the needle that much. It is all about total calories.  [TDEE calculator](https://tdeecalculator.net/)  [...a lot more TDEE calculators](https://www.google.com/search?q=total+daily+energy+expenditure+calculator)  On a day to day basis, let's say you're at 2000 total calories. You will need an accurate figure from a TDEE calculator from a website like the ones above. You might be at 2400 or 1700. The figure is specific to your body.  Once you have your TDEE, you can create a diet plan from the results.   **Remember**: Muscles are made in the gym and revealed in the kitchen.   If you are at 2000 calories per day, you could eat 1500 leaving you with a 500 calorie deficit per day. You can exercise to increase your burn rate further reasonably pushing you to 700 calories per day. At 3000 calories per pound of fat, you could lose 2 pounds per week or more. That is all without a special diet, always being hungry, or never seeing results.   Ready to keep going?   You can improve on your diet by looking for something that works for you. One way that builds off of body builder's obsessions with protein is /r/keto. By cutting all carbs and sugar out of your diet, your body is forced to burn fat calories instead of those you eat. It causes your body to enter a state called ketosis as this is happening burning more fat faster than a diet with carbs/sugar might. It doesn't work for everyone, but it is as easy as:  Calculate your TDEE  Plan your /r/keto meals (ruled.me is also a great receipe site)  Cut your calories for 5 days per week (2000 to 1500, 2400 to 2000, 2100 to 1900 or whatever works for you)  Intermittently fast for 2 days (eat at least 700 avocado or similar calories that day!)  and give yourself a cheat day to eat your cake, pie, and cookies etc. The battle is fought in total calories over time rather than 120 - 200 right now. If you have your cheat day as a reward once per week, it won't set your progress back at all. I consider it vital to keeping the discipline.   &gt; when i bought candy at the movies and ate it all, i felt terrible and slapped myself, because I deserve it.  That is exactly the wrong thing to do. You bought yourself a reward for hard work, didn't enjoy it, and put yourself through more stress. Stress hormone slows down weight loss and encourages weight gain. It has a similar impact to not sleeping enough when trying to lose weight.  If you've made it this far, you can make it work. I wasn't much different than you years ago. I worked my way up to the point I wasn't comfortable with myself one or two sodas at a time. I struggled to drop it until I cut the sugar/carbs out of my diet, drank more water, exercised, and found something I could stick with.  Now, I eat steak, bacon, and all sorts of things. Keto isn't all bad.  If you have any questions, the community here is very constructive. With the effort you are already putting in, you will be doing great with just a little research.  Additional resources to check out:  /r/xxfitness - Get your workouts optimized /r/Microbiome - Learn how gut bacteria in probiotics might be the key to a lot of issues. /r/EatCheapAndHealthy - Plan your cheat day without spending a fortune.  Good luck OP. We're all here to help if you have any questions.
Not in America.
It's possible she has but if she's going to write a few paragraphs here trying to give people an overivew of the situation so that we can give advice, it'd be an oversight not to include the reaction of a person she apparently cares very much about and who would be affected by her decision.
No hard feelings. I think I misunderstood your first comment. Some people say that optometrists are not real doctors because they think that we only do glasses and contacts, so I like to clarify that we handle medical issues as well.  I am sorry if any medical professional has ever been rude or disrespectful about your weight because you should never be treated that way. I'm also sorry that you are dealing with some tough medical issues. I hope that you are doing well with everything now.  Take care.
I dated several guys and each of them wanted more than I was feeling...I finally met one whose first words as we drove off were..." Girls I date always want to tie me down..." Finally " I answered..."same thing keeps happening to me!"...We made a vow not to cling...We parted ways the day...in a very serious way ...he asked me home to meet his mother... Later learned I'd been dating the wrong gender...married early and well...You will find your perfect mate.
It's the internet, nobody has anything better do.
His concern is validated. Not that his command is validated.
When homeless, you get real self conscious. Self consciouness makes you project your insecurities and thought on others. If you think youre stupid, youre gonna think that OTHERS think that too. And many mentally ill people end up homeless. And if y'aint got enough money for food, hygienic products, a roof over your head and all that...y'aint got money for medication. This may have been mental illness speaking right there, just my two cents
I honestly think Heimdall looked out of place as well as that one Viking who looked like he could be Vietnamese. (Though that was later explained by that all Vanir looked like that so that makes some sense I guess).  It's like suddenly putting a white person in Aladdin where everyone looks midde-eastern for obvious reasons. I see nothing wrong with making all Norse gods look Nordic any more than I see nothing wrong with making all Wakandan citizens look West-African.  Still never going to accept a "James Blond", they can make the character a Muslim Paki straight transwoman for all I care  as long as they keep the hair black.
Literally who cares?
You need to reread.  I gave a reason why abortion is a gender issue that is all.
Indeed. I mean 99% of indi films are unwatchable pretentious hogwash.   Add in first movie ever made by a 20 year old (edited at 23) and watching it would probably just make me mad and ruin my day.   Expecting someone to lie to you to spare your feelings feels like bullying. I mean its pretty much the only time in my life i've ever felt emotionally abused. Even if its relatively minor. How can i be honest and also spare their feelings? Usually i just say i don't get it. Which is true, i usually don't.
You might be a rapist if
I'm truly sorry you're going through this. From what you wrote I would guess he valued your relationship not as much as you did.  One thing I noticed:  &gt; He was not happy about everything [...] he wouldn't tell me because of not wanting to hurt me. I wish so much, he would have just talked to me [...]  &gt; I could not tell him to don't do that, because I knew it would be hard for our relationship  Maybe the latter can help you understand the former. It is frustrating that it is so hard for us to trust each other enough to be able to be honest to each other (even it might hurt). But it is part of human nature.  Nevertheless, I wish you all the best.
That's a hell of a gamble.  My husband and I aren't willing to play those odds with another human's life and happiness.
All the more reason to advocate self-defense. If you know what to do in a certain situation you are far less likely to freeze.
Punch him in the dick
"Please stop asking me"
YOUR SO RIGHT! IN FACT LETS HAVE A DOG PRESIDENT NEXT BECAUSE WE HAVENT HAD ONE OF THOSE YET
I really don't think this is a construct of a patriarchal system.  As others have pointed out here, there's a biological/evolutionary reason behind height and attractiveness.    I'm pretty confident that even in an alternate history where there was a matriarchy, taller men would be favoured.
This right here is the reason we didn't get a Wonder Woman movie until 2017.  Because DC knew that whatever they did, no matter how empowering the movie was to women, people would complain.  People would nitpick and whine over the most inane things and every time someone at DC had a pile of money and thought of making a Wonder Woman movie they decided to make something else because they knew whatever they did with a Wonder Woman movie it would piss off so many people.
I'm so sorry you had to go through that. Thank you for sharing your story. Today I'm going to a nearby town to go swimming and walk around, I'm hoping for better days ahead
Well context matters too, sometimes when your having sex and someone says no they are saying no to pinching their tit or something not the actual sex, so if you want the sex to stop you should be clear about that. Also the person has to hear you too.
I'm 35 and I thought that crap would end by now, but you find out your co-workers are not your friends when you gain 10lbs.
No it was the fact he literally legally didn't rape anyone.
&gt;Well context matters too, sometimes when your having sex and someone says no they are saying no to pinching their tit or something not the actual sex  ... which somehow means you're not committing a crime if you keep doing it anyway?  I also love that I didn't even mention the situations in question, and you automatically started coming up with situations where you think it's ok to keep doing something during sex after your partner's said no.
Yep, you have to learn to see intent. If a person acts with good intentions, and had good reason to do so- you must be gentle or mum on the criticisms.   My mother would always freak out about the one chore left undone even if we had done all the others perfectly. It made us not care about doing our chores correctly because we were always made to feel like crap over them. She never realized that by failing to give positive reward (for what was done right, heck even just praise/recognition), and only focusing on the negative- she was reinforcing all of the wrong things. Later, we were all really lazy about chores, because we were going to get yelled at over them anyway.
Yeah that sounds like mind game BS to me.
not in my experience, but then again I'm only 17.
Nice job.
Do you understand that people can have their own opinions? Your opinion is no more "correct" than anybody else's opinion...
There is ony one way to understand it. They thought that potion would determine faithfulness based on whether the baby died or not. What in that passage do you think could be interpreted figuratively?      Edit: Nevermind. I didn't read it carefully enough. That's what I get from trying to Reddit while working. Well, that is interesting, although I don't think it relates to today's abortion debate to point out that the bible condones it as a punishment for adultery.
Yeah, women that are incredibly lean and have frequent intense workouts. I don't think it continues once the exercise is reduced to a more "normal" routine.
&gt; Well yea, it does.  Not in this context.  &gt;That is impossible to know because there is no place where men receive the same level of healthcare that women get  Male babies are weaker because they only have one X chr. it means males are way more likely to have X chr defects that weaken their bodies. Bugger all to do with men getting worse care. Which is a ludicrous suggestion in this context.
I wasn't making that assumption -- there are a lot of things more painful than pregnancy, such as kidney stones.   I was just implying that women *had* to evolve to endure things, since it wasn't uncommon for women to deliver 5+ kids before modern birth control (my great, great grandmother had 12 kids!!).
But I never started menses at all, so I don't know if that would even affect me. Especially seeing as I've gained the weight back and I don't exercise excessively. /:
Fucking animals
So proud of you! Last time I did it was 8 years ago. The scars do fade but in summertime when I get a tan you can see it pretty clearly, but I don't care as much as I used to. Keep up the good work!
Then give yourself some time. Teenagers can be notoriously fickle, cruel, and ignorant - I'm really not aiming to be a hardass when I say this, but teenagers might look like adults but they're not. They're still developing their identities and personalities and figuring out what's important and what isn't.  When you get into adulthood and have to support yourself, your values and outlook will change. If you've worked on making yourself an good, interesting, kind, thoughtful, self-sustaining man, then you stand a good chance of connecting with a good, interesting, kind, thoughtful and self-sustaining woman. They're the ones you want to be connecting with, not the ones who go for good-looking deadbeats.
Yep. Not near as bad as yours though. I would honestly highly recommend you go for a check up at the gyno. You can never ever be too careful.
The use of the word rear still bothers me.
I'm not understanding how it's an implication when it's legally correct that is exactly what would happen. At least in the US, there have been multiple cases where men are liable for child support even if they have never had vaginal intercourse with the woman.
Its sad but Its a good thing that he is not keeping it all bottled up. You should feel appreciative and somewhat honored I guess that he sharing something like that with you as it obviously causes him a lot of pain. Us men find it difficult to share and talk about difficult topics such as this. Just be there for him, but I'm sure you already know that.
If god didn't want women to be able to abort a pregnancy; he wouldn't have given us plants and herbs whose ingestion will cause one.
I believe in you! You can do it! Please, never forget your value and how much you mean to the world, your family and even to me. You're great!
I think I have built up a decent tolerance to pain, but the tattoo on my forearm was not bad at all. The pain of tattooing the scars we're about a 6 at the worst where the entire tattoo was about a 3/4. It's holding the color just fine and had no trouble healing either.
It will happen. It just takes time. There was a time I couldn't even imagine going a day without it.
7th grade to second year in college isn't that much time. I've watched power friendships of my graduated high school students dissolve on FB plenty of times. What you're experiencing is normal. Your friend is taking a different branch in life and these are the effects of that. Life is not like the sitcoms where a group of friends includes one jock, one nerd, and a bunch of other disparate people. Even in large schools, in secondary ed, who you are socializing with is very restricted and determined by not only what district you're in but the luck of the draw what classes you have and maybe what lunch you have if you have split lunches. College is huge, and you're often grouped together with like interests. To top it off, socially, sororities are going to take all of her time, and the bonds she is going to make with her sisters isn't going to leave much room for anyone else, sad but true.  But don't feel like you've done anything wrong. You haven't. Brush it off and seek your own thing. You'll feel less bad about what's going on if you can start making your own connection with new people.
:) Love them, and this is the problem.
I sometimes wear fingerless gloves at work. People make fun of me, but I don't care, my hands are cold.
What event did she win gold in? Having trouble finding it on my own.
You are missing out the fact that many parents simply don't have the finances and other resources to look after a disabled child. What about if the mother was in a wheelchair and the father had to work and then they found the child they were expecting would need 24 hour, physically demanding care for the rest of their life. What is the mother was 40 and found her child would never grow up and get a job but need her care for the rest of their life but she knows she's only going to be around another 40 years so they'll end up in an institution.
Thanks, thats why I come to xx, to get the perspective that I just lack. It's rare that anyone questions why I say no to anything, so its hard for me to relate.
Sorry, is this directed towards me?  I'm not OP, and I don't understand what you're implying.
This is more or less how I figured it was going down but thanks for clarifying! I live in Scotland but I've always found British politics a bit headache-inducingly complicated. I just vote for whichever party seems slightly less shitty. It's quite difficult because the level of shittyness is usually quite similar. Much like the recent U.S. election!  And yes, you remember the Lib Dem career-suicide correctly: they promised they'd never back tuition fees for Uni students and then folded on their promise, ejecting their spines through their rectums and ensuring they never win an election by majority again.
So, you think they have no right to be upset because others have it worse?
We can always talk about anything here, I just think that people these days are undermining how much value woman have in movies and culture in general.
It's tough. Being intimate and vulnerable can be really intimidating and frightening for lots of people.  You are not alone.   I can tell you that your body is normal.  It doesn't matter if it's thick or thin, wrinkled, smooth, hairy, squishy, firm, lopsided or symmetric.  It's yours to own.  It helps to work towards loving it - it's gotten you this far in life.  People love bodies of all sorts, and it sounds like your partner is respectful and wants you to be comfortable.   Tell yourself how wonderful you are.  Seriously.  It sounds like you guys are really into each other.  An ingrown hair or whatever won't change that.  Take things at your own pace, explore boundaries that you are comfortable with and try and have some fun along the way.  It also might be worth looking to see if there are any psychologists in your area that specialize in body dismorphia.
&gt; It's usually less obvious with single unit rentals (like someone renting out a mother in law unit)  In cases like that, the landlord might be exempt anyway: "The Fair Housing Act applies to landlords renting or leasing space in their primary residence only if the residence contains living quarters occupied or intended to be occupied by three or more other families living independently of each other, such as an owner-occupied rooming house."  Your state may vary and have rules that continue to apply in that situation (I don't know if any or many do), but I think the *FHA's* anti-discrimination provisions go away in that kind of situation at least.
Agreed.
This sounds along lines of things happening to me.   I've been called whiny for asking questions in meetings, my direct boss and his manager are stuck up each other's asses and are both misogynists.   My direct boss' wife told him he wasn't allowed to travel with me. Lo and behold the first overnight thing I had a chance of going to, they chose to take the make engineer who started 3 months after me.   I got sick with bronchitis and a month later had a vaginal infection. Missed 4 days of work total. Was called into a meeting because they projected that I will take ~30 sick days this year, and told I need to think about that and step up more performance wise.
So long that you have evidence, you should be fine.  Otherwise it's just your word against theirs.
Using a made up excuse or grasping at straws trying to come up with an excuse to break up with your boyfriend is not fair to him. Just be open and honest with him.      Kind of curious why you don't love him anymore? Maybe ponder the root cause of this change of heart? What's changed. People don't fall out of love overnight.      &gt;He's kind of clingy and will try to cuddle if we're sitting in a car together and I'll tell him to stop but he'll keep doing it. We have had sex but I haven't really enjoyed it and we haven't done it in months which has caused him some anguish.    Sounds more like you never loved him in the first place, and just wanted to 'be in a relationship' rather than wanting to be in one with him.   Since you mentioned you're young, and it's your first relationship, I'd say that's exactly what's happening here.
&gt;your attitude about OP's responses was really irritating to me.  ok. feel free to interact with people you are not irritated with.
Thank you for replying. This is what I was doing, I had pretty severe PPD so I gave her some contact details for facilities that helped me and a phoneless to ring if she wanted to talk anonymously, but I didn't know if I was supposed to do more. I have no experience in this aside from my own issues, and I honestly didn't know what to say. I feel awful, like I'm a bit useless.
True, ok more like someone renting out a condo they own or similar.
It goes to if the space is public (like a shop) or private (the little house in your backyard).  Public spaces you can not discriminate against *protected groups*. Private spaces should be entirely up to the owner.
She was too drunk to think clearly or say anything
"It is vital that the victim NOT takes a shower immediately after the rape." "As uncomfortable as you may be, if you can avoid doing any of these things, you will preserve evidence that can help convict the person who raped you."
Thats not having me live there, now is it? And no, not even a billion dollars could make me live in one of those states. It isnt worth it.
You got me there, but I'll raise you a Flash, Green Lantern, and a Green Arrow.
Definitely rape, report the fuck outta them and get em locked up.
On one hand I think it's both incredibly stupid and impractical. Not only would you be actively turning away business, you're invading your tenant's privacy by even asking if they're on birth control.  On the other hand, it's their business and I don't think the government should have any say in how they choose to run it.  And on a third, mutated hand, I'm also a straight white male and rarely get discriminated against so I have to wonder if I should have an opinion at all.
So to lighten the mood maybe... if you know or ever watched a show called 'Drake and Josh' they had a small joke of Drake saying "Did you know 4 out of 10 people who go sky diving never make it to the ground"
&gt;I disagree. A state has the right to be backward as much as you have the right to leave it.   I also have as much right to move there, and to help all my friends move there. This is actually less about the state being backwards and more about them dragging the country backwards. &gt; &gt;Edit: If you really believe that, you can be the first to start. I know some great little shit holes in West Virginia where the sun don't shine that you can set up camp. Let me know what the community thinks of you in 18 months when you run for office. You can do it stud!   Actually I was thinking rural North Carolina for the weather.
I remember enough of the night to know that I did not initiate anything. You are the reason I have hesitated reporting anything. People will say I'm lying or I'm at fault. I can't even explain the feelings it creates when I try to get help and people attack me for it. I feel so sick :(
What the actual FUCK.
Uh, yeah, I do believe he should be able to deny them. He owns the property and he decides who lives there. He can deny whoever he wants for whatever reason.   Edit: that isn't to say I don't find it repugnant. That is a horrible reason to deny an otherwise good tenant.
Whitetrashpower!
&gt; What is your objection to tenants who don't want you to know their medication history?  I'm not sure we're following each other here. I have no objection or desire to know a tenants birth control choices. I am saying that if a tenant is searching for a place and the landlord is worried about this information that it's a red flag for the tenant and they should probably consider not dealing with that landlord. No reasonable landlord should care if their tenants are on BC or not.
HIPAA relates more to releasing someone else's medical information.  Like a doctors office releasing it to a pharmaceutical company or other entity.  I don't see how it would be legal to ask someone medical info on a housing application though.   Your point about verifying the information would be related to HIPAA.  If the landlord wanted to verify the information with the applicants pharmacy the applicant would have to sign a HIPAA release.  But yeah,  this whole thing isn't gonna fly.  If it does its going to lead to some people blatant discrimination.
That doesn't really explain the hypothetical violence that you were speaking of in your previous comment, but I don't have the mental energy to keep running around in circles with you. Look up the civil rights act of 1964 if you need to know why it's not ok to refuse service to people.
"Our skin makes gold shimmer and shine like alabaster never can."  I'm pale as shit and genuinely jealous because I know that's true...
You're looking for a problem where there ain't one
Well thank you, I appreciate it; I definitely won't be making a decision based on the internet, I just needed some outside advice before I went totally nuts! And you're right, I don't think getting married solves things when there are problems, but he has been the one to constantly initiate those sorts of conversations. In fact, he's initiated all of the big milestones in our relationship and has always wanted things to move forward. I've always been excited about it until recently because of these dumb suspicions. Maybe I'm the one who isn't ready for it? Either way I think I should suck it up and talk to him.   And yes, definitely a good career, he's a very smart guy!
Holy crap, this was the scariest thing I've read. "Suction off their vagina". What does this mean?   All kidding aside, I hope you figure out how to achieve the suction/seal needed near the cervix to have a leak-free period.
I am almost 20 and I've only been off the pill for a month now and I've noticed a big difference (I can actually feel now during PIV sex and more during clit stimulation). I probably need at least another month or two to go back to normal. Thanks for replying! It's really comforting to know that I just need to be patient.
It's the idea behind having to hide it. Why should I have to hide something like that? If I'm doing something illegal like smoking meth sure I'll hide my drugs and lie all day long, but birth control?
Hell, I am a 40 year old white man, and it brought a tear to my eye. I despise social conditioning for making human beings feel subhuman. It isn't fair. 😔
I read you comment in a  Southern voice. But to confirm: You think it is perfectly okay for one partner to have sex with their near-black-out partner? Not looking for an argument, just curious on your reasoning.
Uh no actually, the father is only able to care for/keep alive one of them.
I was scrolling through Reddit on my lunchbreak and saw this. Saved it so that I could come back and comment because I was so shaken by this post.   Let me tell you a little bit about u/DougFunnieeee.  I am a woman of color who went through some of the same issues when I was growing up.  In addition to color issues, I have a very, very, rare genetic anomaly that causes severe deformities. My deformities are more severe than most people with my already rare diagnosis, from what I understand. How rare is this diagnosis, you might ask?  There are less than a hundred thousand people who have the same diagnosis I have.  **On earth**.  I am actually the source of a lot of the research done on my condition in North America. When I was growing up, I thought it was normal for a person's primary doctor to be geneticist.   Anyway, imagine growing up with those kind of issues in a small town.  The bullying?  Ha!  I had **dead animals** thrown at me, I was spat on, I was called every movie monster in the book.  And I was a dark-skinned little black girl whose two best friends were the lightest and prettiest black girls in school (one of these girls is so pretty that she and her entire family look like they've stepped out of a magazine--I mean, people do double takes when they see her). Imagine what that did to my self-esteem.     Like you, I dealt with issues of colorism and not liking my skin or hair texture.  But I also dealt with just not liking my body in general.  I wanted to have plastic surgery so badly just to make myself look like other people.  Then, I found out that that there were limits to what surgery could do for me: there was a very real risk that in "correcting" what was wrong with me, I could be crippled by the surgery.   Having such a rare condition, I never had anyone to turn to who could empathize with me.  I grew up before the internet was really big, so there was no way to connect with anyone who had what I have.  To this day I have never even seen another person with my condition.  So I had to turn inward and learn to make things okay for me.  Today, we call it mindfulness, as u/Fickelbing so eloquently stated in her response to you.  I had to sit down and be alone with my thoughts and think about what I liked about myself.  What am I good at?  What talents do I have?  What makes me me, and how do I cultivate those things?    This is what I think you need to do. First, keep in mind that looks--those physical things that society values in attractiveness, are fleeting.  A person you might consider "pretty" due to their "good" hair or light skin, could get in an accident and be burned beyond recognition.  That person could lose a limb or be maimed in some other way.  But that person has to keep going.  Keep in mind that you are very, very young and don't have a lot of life experience.  I don't say this as a knock against you, but for perspective.  You might feel like the only one who feels this way now, but trust me, you are not. You might think you're ugly because you're dark, but somebody out there thinks dark is beautiful.  If that wasn't true, the populations of sub-Saharan Africa or south Asia wouldn't be growing!  I challenge you to practice mindfulness as well.  Learn what you're good at and cultivate those traits in yourself Are you a good writer? Do you play an instrument?  Are you kind and caring to others.?  Cultivate those things  and they will make you a better person.  I know what it's like to feel like you're not attractive and not valued because of it.  I always thought that no one would ever find me attractive.  Because of my hobbies and the things that I like and have cultivated myself, I've had a few boyfriends.  Unlike most "normal" women I know, I've never had a bad boyfriend. I don't know what it's like to be with a man who doesn't work, or who does drugs.  All of my boyfriends have been furthering their schooling or have owned their own businesses.    Sweetie, please don't even consider bleaching your skin. It causes so much physical damage to your body and puts you at risk for skin cancer.  Would you rather have your health, or splotchy skin and a disease?  Cultivate those intangible things in yourself--the kindness, the compassion--cultivate your hobbies and skills; try a new hobby, read a new book.  Get involved in your school's clubs. Cultivate these things and they will help you to grow as a person and love yourself. This will lead you to broaden your horizons and come into contact with people who will value you for who you are and not what you look like. It's working for me so far. I think it can work for you.
Call me shallow but i judge countries based on how they handle stuff like this.
She's not obsessed with Hello Kitty but she does have a plush doll or two of Hello Kitty. That's a very interesting correlation.   She's also a huge fan of Tim Burton.
How tragic.  Doing tandem because I know it would be too dangerous to go alone as a first-timer.
And then we complain about Muslims,  this is the scariest shit I have read in a long while....  I bet she is not alone and dozens or hundreds of others are hidden in the dark.
All women are beautiful.  That was the best comment I've read on reddit; your soul soars with eagles.  Not female/black/young, but you speak to our humanity in a wonderfully eloquent way.  Thank you.
Jeepers, look at him go. 👀👀
That's definitely a fair assumption. What I meant was that if you took 100 men and 100 women, I think there'd be a larger group of men willing to read and buy superhero comics since the medium probably appeals to them more, while e.g erotic fiction is disproportionally more popular among women. Some genres are more appealing to one gender. I wasn't referring to WW when I talked about pennies either, I meant launching new female superheroes. It'd require an investment to market and popularize a newcomer so from their perspective they'd need reassurance that there's a big potential following, not a diehard fanbase of mere hundreds or a few thousand - definitely big enough to keep it afloat, but no more. Pennies.  I don't think there's that big of a long-term interest in restructuring the industry, but if your numbers are right then it appears that there's a goldmine waiting to be struck.
While it's true that the majority of individuals here in Ireland are not religious (so it seems from my POV), we are absolutely still governed by the church. Religious ideology blinds many powerful people here. I was listening to the radio the other day and a young woman, not a doctor btw, was on saying that "there's no evidence childbirth is in any way dangerous to the mother ". Ok, you might argue that this is just one individual. But I know many like her. Our society pushes the idea that having children is beautiful and expected of everyone, but there's zero education about the risks - having just come out of school a few years ago I can attest to this.  I also have a family member in a psych hospital and a nurse i met there doesn't believe in mental illness... imo it all comes back to our religious society.
I don't pretend to any such notions of virtue, and I deny your accusations vigorously. :D  That said, you do bring up a salient point - that, although the trends *in the US and some other places* are religious in nature, not all of the arguments are.  I, personally am of the opinion that having the facilities available is necessary until such a time as we can remove the foetus from the mother and carry the thing to term, and in cases where there is no viability (as in cases of anencephaly).  That's why such idiotic things as 'heartbeat' bills are so stupid and dangerous, to me - because they push back, like you say, without perspective.  These laws often have no exceptions, which is incompatible with the beliefs *in this case*.  Moreover, Gilead is a dark solution to a problem that was created by others.  It is a scathing reaction to the ongoing fight for personal autonomy for nearly half of our race, regardless of the circumstance.  Such black-and-white thinking is objectionable (yes, even from me).
I'm actively searching for myself on porn sites so I can take them down. It makes it hard to get over what I've done when I'm frequently having to face it.
When was this? Divorce is legal here.
Yup anyone who cares loads about this to the detriment of their relationship with you isn't a keeper anyway. Focus on growing resilience and self reliance... you are the one person you need the love and respect of. Hold your head high, own it and just move forward ... you have the power to diminish the importance of this event just by making your peace and committing to moving forward. Seek counselling if you think you need additional tools to achieve the. You need the measures of happiness and stability to be completely within YOUR control and not based on whether or not others find out about this. Assume they will and move forward with your life plan based on this outcome and you shouldn't have any fears. Accept the reality of your situation and enjoy the rest of your life!
We'd *all* know the sexist history of "hysteria" (I mean, it's right there in the word!) if we hadn't collectively decided that studying classical languages was a waste of students' time.
Ah, so you're policing spelling as well! At least you're consistent.  OP posted a question asking about the consequences they could expect for some risky video chats that took an unfortunate turn and you're response was to imply that they should feel bad for enjoying what was supposed to be an anonymous online encounter. Not only was your opinion useless since time travel is likely not accessible to OP but it has the added shitty side effect of shaming someone who is obviously already embarrassed and regretful.  OP, there is nothing wrong with indulging in a little calculated risk every now and again. Unfortunately, you got burned this time around but there are ways to enjoy your "hobby" while minimizing the risk. I have a general rule to keep my face and any distinguishing marks out of any intimate photos/videos regardless of who is on the other end to avoid problems like these. You should always take great care if you expose yourself online and it sucks that you learned the embarrassing consequences the hard way. However, the only person who should be ashamed of themselves is the asshole who tried to blackmail you with intimate photos.  Thankfully, I think most people will recognize that you haven't done anything bad or wrong. Anyone telling you that you should feel bad or ashamed for enjoying something as completely harmless as an online strip tease should probably check their browser history before throwing stones.
so you were trying for a baby? Without having a conversation about it? Or were you just happy to be having lots of sex so you didn't think about it?  You have a really odd way of explaining things. You seem to be deflecting blame and show and unwillingness to accept your responsibility in things.
What is this? Heaven? Are you an angel sent to me?
Hmmm. Lets see.   *shakes the cold black ball in his tiny hands and slowly turns it over to reveal the answer*   **Outlook good!**
What does being female have to do with it?
Usually when I'm stressed and worried about finances I dream about people coming after me. Most of the time I can figure out what triggered my dreams. Sometimes I don't have a clue. Do you have anything going on that has you worried? I use to dream about cops showing up at my house to arrest me cause I had killed someone! I know it's disturbing, but I would guess that you have some stress that's causing them. Try not to let them interfere with your waking time. I know they can hang with you for days.
If I recall correctly at one point he started getting angry because he wasn't awarded enough time to answer a question. When he was told that there were plenty of more questions that he needed to answer, he frantically responded "DON'T RUSH ME I GET NERVOUS"  Edit: here's a link if anyone's interested https://youtu.be/LD0nxsyASUc  Also, to be precise it was a frantic "I'm not able to be rushed this fast, it makes me nervous"
Honestly you sound way more condescending than your bf in this scenario
Certainly is life threatening for the child you murder!
Yes, I totally get how she is feeling. I just wish she didn't have to feel this way. I do hope OP does what she feels right for herself.
Both are true. McCain and Burr interrupted Harris while she was questioning Sessions, and Harris was interrupting Sessions because he was dodging her question.
Well it isn't the supreme courts job to do that.  Congress wrote a law, then congress carved out an exception to that law.  The supreme court can say the exception is discriminatory, but that leaves you with the base law, not the ability to say 'everybody gets the exception time'.  If upon learning that we cannot have two different times, congress decides to amend the law so everybody gets the shorter time they can do that, but congress, and not the court has to decide that.
Must a thing be done simply because it can be done?  Or can we exercise a modicum of civility and keep our negative comments to ourselves?
&gt; I'm a trans guy with a flat chest and a vag  Good on you, I guess? Not like I'm going to see it, you'll be with all the blokes anyway and they usually don't go about showing their dicks off to each other.  &gt; I hope I make you uncomfortable as hell.  You didn't.  &gt; wow looks like you pretty much MADE AN ACCOUNT TO COMMENT ON THIS THREAD.  I've actually been sitting on this account for a few days and this is the first thing I figured I'd weigh in on. Must say you're not acting very mature.
Hey I'm from the UK and we have sexual health clinics, walk in clinics and things like that. Is there anywhere you could go in and get it checked out for free?
Lmao ok.  Way to dodge the question...again.  Seriously, let's have a real discussion.  What part of that article did you find particularly intriguing, insightful or novel?
Locked behind a paywall )=
Sessions is a fucking scumbag
&gt; Research states that smoking increases a whole bunch of bad stuff. As does drinking. So while yes, it is up to the woman carrying the baby, it really sucks that that kid has to endure health issues / developmental delays because his/ her mom made her choices.  Research also states that added stress and the mothers response to quitting an addiction increase a whole bunch of bad stuff when it comes to baby also. That is the point I am making. I too wish that fewer people smoked and that mothers didn't hit their vices during pregnancy.  &gt;That aside - I have had clients smoke pot when pregnant to stave off morning sickness. There is no evidence either way on the risks/ benefits of this.  Right but this isn't, "My child was ok until he got a vaccine and then he got autism" to which research has worked tirelessly and debunked that none sense. In this case, anecdotal is all we have.  Anecdotal evidence can be a driver to hypothesis and obviously shouldn't be tossed out as hogwash versus accepted as scripture. Using pot to stave off morning sickness worked considerably well for a friend of mine where we went from being literally bed ridden, puking 8 times a day to being a functioning human with the odd hiccup during the day. She also didn't smoke a bunch of joints a day compared to the amount that the average smoker would.  With legal possession and distribution, it will be interesting to see how it effects development.
I have literally never heard of that happening. I'm sure someone has done it, but it's not on the same scale and so it's disingenuous to compare the two.
I'd really be careful 'treasuring' a youthful look if you really, definitely look 13. As a guy, I have once had to card a girl on a date to find out she was well under-age and ditched her at her house. Looked to be definitely 24 or so. Scary, this dating world.
I used it for a couple years, and only stopped using it because I stopped having periods at all. It wasn't uncomfortable at all once I got out in, and it never fell out or was uncomfortable during sex. Honestly, the biggest problem I had with out was stupid pharmacy techs asking about them. Literally had one guy, as he was ringing me out in front of a ton of people in a small town pharmacy, ask how it affected my sex life.
'If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all' is such a weak platitude it astounds me.  &gt;Your comment was dismissive and since this child did not seek you out as a family member I see no reason for your to tell her that what she did wasn't being smart.  Sorry, I am a bit confused by this statement, it's a bit messy contextually, can you clear it up for me?
Come back when you can answer my question. I'm not engaging in whataboutery.
That is wonderful! And there's a world of fishing out there for you to explore! Happy Fishing!
I actually haven't had a full blown period in months I think from starting exercising &amp; stress. I actually kind of miss it.
Arrested development maybe, I've always found that funny and it's fairly lighthearted if a little peculiar. Dorm remover any rape-related stuff.
In a week, you won't ever see him again. Fuck being nonchalant and unweird; risk it and just straight up ask. Maybe you'll get a fun week out of it, maybe you'll feel awkward for a bit and then just move on.
Pap smears don't apply to oropharyngeal cancers which was the primary focus of the article.  &gt;To put that into clearer terms, HPV-negative oropharynx cancers dropped by half between 1988 to 2004, while HPV-positive oropharynx cancers increased by 225 percent.
Yeah, I don't get it. I don't post here very often, and I spend a lot of time in subreddits where you have to post the original headline, so I thought I'd be fair here. The article is quite good and has a lot of new-ish, important information, as well as acknowledging a few things that are well known to doctors but have been avoided in the media, like, yes, HPV can give people throat cancer through oral sex.   I work in a middle school and I'm seeing more parents get their kids this vaccine, but the "everybody has it" defense is actually making some people think, "oh, whatever, it's something tons of people have, like athlete's foot or cold sores, and is therefore no big deal for my kid."  s/ Also, I'm in a slight moral dilemma here because I hate the style of news that goes for the "new thing that will kill you" hyperbole, but hey, fear does actually work sometimes to save kids, as readers of mommy blogs will attest. /s
Source?
No, she was in grade 11 at the time. I totally feel like calling him out for it next time I see him, but I don't want to be that weird person who comments on something they have no place in, you know?
I never knew someone could get so angry over a formatting error, lol
Remember when you felt about your husband like that? So is it really this guy specifically, or is it how he makes you feel? Is it the emotion, the giddiness, the rush that you don't get from a settled relationship?  Or is it really him?   My advice is to treat it like an addiction.  Like this guy is your heroin.  So tempting and so much the wrong thing.
I'm busty with a somewhat small ribcage, and for a long time bras weren't very comfortable. Once I got into the right sizes and styles and quality, it helped a lot. But I also pay for what I get....one bra can run $40-60 dollars. But the comfort is worth it.
Not me, but my mom had a man tell her she shouldn't be working because she was taking that job away from a man. That sounds pretty horrible.
I agree with the first sentence but not the second.  I'm much more a fan of "just because something needs to be said doesn't mean it needs to be heard.”   If the truth will often hurt the receiver and the only reason to speak it is to relieve some form of guilt making the lier feel better.   That said, in OPs case clearly the person needs to know.
Biology says I should hit people who annoy me. We are more than animal instincts.
What happened to the fake accuser?  Please tell me she's going to jail.
She sound like bully. Plain bully. The less you stand up the more she bully.
True.. I definitely didn't think this through haha
Good points! And thanks for fixing the numbers :)
I honestly agree with him. They're going to learn the slurs anyway, regardless if you tell them or not. You might as well tell them yourself and explain why they're bad and shouldn't be used. If you're firm about it, you don't even have to worry about triggering gay students, they'd probably thank you.
I'm having a tough time thinking of any club where the male strippers aren't all ridiculously good looking, as opposed to the variety you get with women. Plenty of ladies aren't the hot cheerleader or model type, or young/thin. That's no knock against looks, incidentally. Male strip clubs have that overhyped, feeding frenzy type of thing. I do not want to see someone hop up on a table and wiggle his speedo-encased bulge near some customer's face. With women at the bar or on the stage, it's more friendly. Obviously they're working the customer ("catch more flies with honey"), but it's just .. kinder, in a way. More familiar.
Would be cool to get a reply, not just a downvote. Not gonna get any real discourse on a sub like this though anyway.
I find your comment very opening as I have to admit I don't know as much as I'd like about literature and this is a great answer, although it's not a one that I was expecting.     I agree that a theme can be seen here, still I don't think it is a deliberately chosen one - especially in our Polish classes as we don't really discuss the books in comparison with each other.    Now I can see that it is not really possible and I think this a great loss. Maybe this is why we should give more attention to disadvantaged authors, but who am I to tell
I'm really glad to hear that. Way too many people's in this thread are completely discounting his side
I will have you know I snorted shin ramen when I read this and am now in pain.
What does the article mean with equity?
Nowhere did I say "don't worry about it, it'll probably work out".  My comment was exploring the possibility that his attitude could change.  I based it on my own personal experience.  On the flip side, I would say pushing for an abortion because someone is a little nervous about their future if they keep the baby is terrible advice.  (I'm not implying you're pushing to abort, but I do kinda get that vibe)  OP told him she'd be happy to keep the baby, and was growing more excited about the prospect of becoming a mother.    All pregnancies could end up being a great thing for all involved, or cause misery and ruin for all involved.  It's the chance we all take when bringing a human being into this world.    I'm sorry for trying to be positive and supportive for this woman, and looking on the bright side.  In the end, it doesn't make a shit of difference what I say or you say.  This is something that her and her husband will have to decide on.  (Please don't take my comments as trying to call you out or tell you that you're wrong, I'm not trying to offend anyone, just defend my opinion)
They were, don't remember if it was their president or prime minister though.
Maybe I'm confused because all my friends are always looking at their phones, even when the group is together, but to me that doesn't say "leave me alone"  I understand how if someone is rude/sexist or something might be a problem, but imo walking up to someone and a bit of small talk and then asking for their number is literally how your supposed to ask someone out.
"When you're a star, they just let you do it."
Can't please everyone, can you?
gay panic is not homophobia and those chandler and ross jokes are nothing to do with being gay.
Can you provide a survey of what most women consider catcalling?
Nobody forced a woman to "carry around unwanted babies". You have sex, there is an inherent risk of getting pregnant. Spare me the , woe is woman, excuse. Please. The principle went right over your head. A man gets a woman pregnant, hes told he should have kept it in his pants. I'm sorry you were born woman, I'm sorry mother nature placed the burden of child birth on you. It doesn't mean you get to kill a living human being within you because its inconvienient. The "risk thier health by giving birth" argument is so flimsy, so pathetically hollow in its reasoning. Under that reasoning you should be allowed to kill the baby at 8 months and 2 weeks because it "could" risk your health. In times of an actual risk to the life of the mother, there is no ethical contradiction in supporting abortion in that scenario but potential future risks? Nope, you don't get to kill a person( we can debate when that is but having a heartbeat is certainly too late to me) just because of that.
I didn't have any concept of femininity in my youth. I don't actually remember noticing the gender of characters in books, TV, or ads as anything more important than their hair colours.    I was baffled when people started going on about "female role models", because it had never once occurred to me that someone would need to be female to be looked up to.
Not quite all levels. Have yet to have a female president and many states have not had female governors.
tl:dr ...  &gt;But there are a couple of things that stand out about street harassment in the Middle Eastern areas, according to the Promundo report. In the Palestinian territories, Morocco and Egypt, young men with secondary-level education were more likely to sexually harass women than their older, less-educated peers.  (the actual motives for this are entirely speculative at this point)  ...  &gt;When the men in the survey were asked why they sexually harassed women in public, the vast majority, up to 90 percent in some places, said they did it for fun and excitement.  Were they hoping the men would admit or recognize it was something else? Perhaps that they had a horrible upbringing and were abused as a kid?  Not NPRs most insightful article
I think the question is the other way - why would the vulva *not* be part of an exam if it includes the entire rest of the body?
It turns out young people have all kinds of false positives and not many serious dangers.
It turns out young people have all kinds of false positives and not many serious dangers.
It turns out young people have all kinds of false positives and not many serious dangers.
It turns out young people have all kinds of false positives and not many serious dangers.
There are different unions for different jobs, but there are also large more general unions like where I am, The Australian Workers' Union covers a number of different jobs. You should find out which one you can join - fees here are tax deductible, I don't know if it's the same where you are, but it's worth it anyway because they'll help you out (1) in mediating (2) advising, and supporting in various ways, including the legalities and representation.  Good luck.
| None of the blame should be on anyone but the entitled, boundary-crossing fucknugget who thought they could just help themselves to your body  Agreed. I don't blame people that freeze or can't speak in these situations; you can't always choose how your body will react. I think people that don't speak up or react should still be kind to themselves and remember that they were doing the best they could in a situation that was forced on them, and it's not their fault.    You were able to do a bit more, and were able to get past your shock and speak up. That's something to be proud of, but I don't want to imply that someone who couldn't do that should be ashamed. Let's put all the shame on the behavior of the bastages, not the people subjected to it.
So, depending on the company you have a couple options. I know some (larger) companies have a way to report incidents like this to a 3rd party and they will anonymously report to management. I would suggest you act like a 3rd party ion the manner. Even if that means sending an anonymous email to HR. Something like " I was at &lt;insert club/resturant&gt; when I saw _puddles_ and &lt;manager(s)&gt;. I noticed that the manager(s) kept touching, pulling , messing with _puddles_.  Doing this will get the ball rolling but from a 3rd party view.
What's the other option, smoking inside?!
Yay! Good for you! I hope he gets RSO status
I *know* that morally you are right. But life is complicated. Finding a new job would be difficult because of my personal circumstances, and those same circumstances would make it difficult for me to add a sexual harrassment/assault case to my life. Im leaning towards reporting to HR, but I'm scared of where the whole thing leads. Both my career and my partners career, our whole livelihood is on the line. This is the sad reality, that standing up for what is right has the potential to blow up your life, and I have kids to feed. Whatever I do going forward I have to weigh my options and be smart.
If that same text was written in the text box, instead of the title, the word would have been in bold.  That may have been the intended result.
Try losing your dad on Fathers day and then get back to me about how it's hard.
Try losing your dad on Fathers day and then get back to me about how it's hard.
I'm in the same boat. All of my friend's have pinterest boards full of wedding ideas and I have never really given it much thought until recently. I don't really care about the ceremony or any of that, I just want a great relationship. Nothing wrong with it!
Well, it is considered a major surgery and puts you at greater risk for infection. The recovery time is longer and more painful; it sucks trying to cough, laugh, sneeze, stand up, and sit up in bed for a while. It's even more painful to try to move around and care for your baby the first few days. You get a scar. You can have permanent numb areas.   Normal labor is better for your baby, no doubt. The recovery is usually easier to.   I tried pushing for over two hours with an epidural that didn't numb the area it was supposed to. Then they decided to do a c-section because I wasn't progressing.
Why should 8 months be any different to 1 month? Her body, her choice.
Damn you are brave! So happy you could get all your stuff back!  I dont wont to offend you but as someone who is 6'2 I imagine it must have looked funny for me cause it was basically 3 midgets fighting xD
I was actually just talking with my best friend today about how a broken promise over something "stupid" was the beginning of the end of my last relationship. He promised to do something with me, something important to me but not important to him. He bailed to go hang out with his friend and then yelled at me for getting upset, and that's kind of when I knew it was over. I tried a little longer but it was just more broken promises and more emotional abuse.   &gt; After he had left, on Wednesday he texted me and asked if I would be up for chatting with him on Saturday (today  &gt; We've talked about this issue before and he's said he would only make plans with me he really intends to keep and that he doesn't have to promise to talk to me at all when he's out of town. I've told him I want him to have fun and it's ok to be incommunicado.   &gt;  I told him that I felt a little disappointed after reading his message. He got pretty angry.   So basically don't promise something you're not sure you can deliver. So he promises something he doesn't deliver and gets mad at you for caring. Ugh.   Is this a small thing? Yes. But relationships are built on small things. You're not asking that he follow your every whim, you're asking that he keep his word. You sound like you'd rather he surprise you by calling you when you didn't know it was coming than plan to call you and not. And that's a reasonable expectation. You shouldn't be expected to make plans around plans he'll break. And it's not like he was sick or swamped with urgent work or something. This was allegedly about his friends, who should not be coming first.  &gt; great now I'm going to be bumming my friends out,  So what are you, chopped liver?   &gt; I told him I don't think I want to talk to him anymore and he hung up.   Stick to this. Please stick to this. Keep your word.  The things that you said next are what concern me the most and I'm going to break them down line by line.   &gt;  He's always had kind of a mean streak when he's felt cornered or like he's in trouble, but I am really surprised at how aggressive he turned and how quickly it happened this time.  These are red flags right here. A mean streak in arguments?  Red flag on its own. Suddenly turning aggressive and hostile in arguments? Red flag on its own. Picking fights over failing to keep a promise? Red flag on its own. That's a lot of abuse red flags just right there.  &gt; Lately I've been wondering if his occasional angry outbursts are actually justified and I'm just making him nuts by being too sensitive.   This is a huge abuse red flag! Part of what happens in emotionally abusive relationships is that the abuser slowly erodes the victim's self-esteem by shifting the tone of the relationship. Often abusive relationships start out with lots of praise and compliments, but then the praise and compliments drop off and criticism start piling up. TO a certain extent this happens in all relationships; the time when the partners still see each other as mostly perfect is the "honeymoon phase." In abusive relationships, though, it continues well past the point where healthy relationships would go, and it does so subtly and gradually. Abusive partners undermine their partner's self-esteem so they can control them and so they won't leave by slowly increasing their criticism until it makes up the vast majority of their communications with the victim. They use abuse tactics like gaslighting and moving the goalposts to attack and undermine the victim's sense of reality so she will doubt her own judgement and begin to believe that the abuse is her fault.   Often the first real sign a victim can point to to when they realized something was wrong and it wasn't them is the first time a partner "turns on a dime" in a conversation and quickly goes from being fine to being so aggressive or hostile as to be scary. You are very, very lucky this happened to you in a phone conversation and not an in-person one; it is fucking terrifying and that is the point.   And this is where we should talk about the [cycle of abuse.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_of_abuse)  Right now the "incident" phase is verbal and emotional abuse. You need to get out well before it turns physical and before he does any more damage to your self esteem. If he's having angry outbursts that you think are becuase you're "too sensitive," then either he's abusing you or you need couple's counseling. End of story. Given that the problem here is him breaking promises you never asked him to make but planned around, and then getting soooooo mad that you'd hold him to his word? I'd say he's the problem.  Get out while you still can.
He didn't write this song because he was continuously accused? Because it was depicted in the recent biography/movie. I don't know if that was the song being mentioned though.
I've had my mirena for 3 years now. A bit of bleeding/spotting in the beginning but nothing since. And no symptoms of pregnancy or anything for that matter. And yes, it's still in there.
Mine's changing into more comfortable pants.   I mean taking out a ponytail and taking off a bra are great, but I've been experimenting with more comfortable ponytails and my work bras are super, super comfy. But there is no such thing as comfy work pants with my particular lower body, so I look forward to having full range of motion restored to my legs.  Pony tail removal is generally more pleasing to me than bra removal if the bra fits, though.
Nice side stepping
If you dig down to the bare bones of psychology, humans are hard wired to shun the ones that don't assimilate into the herd, be it physical appearance or otherwise. Back in the caveman days you wanted your partner to be as perfect as possible so your offspring would be perfect as possible. Now that we don't need to kill mastodon, our hunting prowess isn't a defining feature in a desirable mate, but our caveman brains still try to make us think so.
History books will note that his only administrative goal is to try to erase all the achievements of the country's first black president.
You do you boo!    Slightly jealous I can't make money that easy though 😂
OP here.  You're right that increased public consciousness will affect the dating pool, but there will always be a good amount of monogamous people. It's one of those things where you think you're the minority because you're hearing people talk about it where they never did before. So the amount you're hearing it has increased, but poly is still the minority.  Look at how many people on this thread have answered poly questions without being poly themselves.  And remember, you don't have to get into any relationship that you don't want to.  Other people being poly will not force you to be mono. Just have that open communication up front "I'm mono, and I am not looking to share."  You'll find a ton.
IIRC they have at home hair dye stripping kits in the same aisle as the dye.
That's a good question...personally I never use sir/madam. Some people can pull off "dear" but I feel like if I said it it'd sound weirdly affectionate. I think there are ways to construct sentences that sound formal but don't use sir/madam but I cant' think of a really gender neutral term other than dear.
I think of it as two different issues. Usually, when an abortion is done, it is either to save the mother's life or it is something that the family chose. This means that the abortion is something that either the family would get to know as necessary or they already know it is going to happen. A murder, however, is unexpected. A murder is unnecessary. The fetus would have later been a living, breathing human being, however, it was robbed of that. We don't know if that fetus is wanted or not, but either way it was robbed of a life.
Maybe I'm not understanding correctly. Wouldn't body autonomy as a right only apply to the fetus if it were determined to be a human being?
Erm, what? Think about what you said for a second.  If a man tells a woman, you have had too many sexual partners for me to feel comfortable with, and therefore I am not interested in pursuing a relationship with you, they are sexist.  But this only goes one way right? If a woman tells a man that the man has had too many sexual partners for her to feel comfortable with then she isn't being sexist, right?  I'm just checking. Not trolling, just noting your language usage and, in my opinion, logical fallacy.
That's what I'm kinda trying to get at.  Seems like the feminist movement would be a lot more successful if they stopped pretending like all women were on board with everything like abortion and addressed the fact that they don't have strong female support either.
And a lot bleach, wax and shave or go 'Naturel'. The question is when a Transgender sweeps the womens Olympics what the reaction will be then?
Yeah, you are a fake.  Way to take away those men's agency. I wonder if this falls under rape by deception?
Fuck yeah, get some! Fuck cancer!
GET FUCKING REKT, CANCER!
Wow you are a fighter! Congratulations!
they would probably get banned because of the substances they are taking, the Olympics has very strict rules.
Congrats to you!!! Yay
~~Hey I don't doubt that there may be some nefarious reasons for this,~~ but let me shed a little light on fetal death certificates.   All death certificates double as a census, and fetal ones are no different.  It's a way to track reasons *why* people miscarry, and to track birth defect trends.  To maybe find solutions and to take preventative measures in the future.  Sometimes they play a roll in investigations - like someone who went into spontaneous labor at home or did a home delivery and they suspect foul play or want to know *why* the baby died.  Was the mother in a bad situation? Was medical treatment withheld? Or was this a horrible accident?  Stuff like that.   Source: Am Funeral Director. I deal in death certificates all the time.  There's even a rhyme so you know which one to file "If they take a breath it's a regular death"  Edit: I don't know why that article says Florida will be the first state, bc that's utter horseshit.  Like I said, I've been doing these for at least 5 years (since I got licensed)  Edit 2: From the actual article - &gt;The bill was worded in a way to ensure it wouldn't spark a partisan argument over whether the state was trying to define life. "This has nothing to do with personhood," said Democratic Sen. Lauren Book, who said she received calls from people concerned about the bill. "It rather gives families that are grieving during a very difficult time some closure."
Congratulations!!! Thrilled for you
I was in your position a year ago. I felt really uncomfortable about my sexuality (I'm bisexual) and had no confidence in dating people. Fast forward one year later and I have met someone who is amazing and makes me comfortable with myself. I've been dating him for a couple of months now and it's going great.   I think you need to overcome that barrier with being unexperienced. Try to hang out with guys casually. Start to date people. After you've had your first experience you'll more comfortable in yourself.
My mother died from cancer 2 years ago. This is a big fuck you to cancer and makes me happy!
No, they're biased in favor of the child you're ignoring
It's not about the mother
If you want to do fertility awareness methods, get the book Taking Charge of Your Fertility and read it carefully. An app could be an aid to you, but you should make your own charts and understand exactly what is happening with your cycle and why before you rely on an app.   I did fertility awareness successfully for several years. One of my problems was that checking temperatures never worked for me. I had to rely on other signs like checking cervical mucus every day. I also had irregular periods at times, which made it all harder. You can't ever take chances, and if you're ever not sure, then you have assume that you're fertile at that moment. If you're also planning on using condoms that helps greatly, and maybe also do withdrawal when you're fertile just in case a condom breaks.
Women aren't the ones in power though
Just your run of the mill sexual comments about a male's body, his looks, his muscles, and what they'd do to him. I'm just surprised with how there is no shame about it. But remember, there are 95% women around, so in this instance, they are the same as males. Some are saying inappropriate things, others are laughing about it, and some are ignoring it. I'm sure this goes on in the tech industry all over the place, with men as the ones doing this.
Yep, this same thing happened to me! So frustrating! My dad came with me for support, we walked in and I told the salesman what I was looking for and he only responded to my dad even after I told him I'd be purchasing the car. Needless to say I did not buy the car because that does not fly with me.
I also read that on reddit a while back, but the point OP was trying to make still stands.
they would already be for it though in that case. All this law does is make it so later they can go  "well we give them funerals, obviously that means they are alive and you were okay with that so we're banning it completely because murder"
You're talking about the world we want to build, not the one we have
Legally it's within your rights to walk up to fat people and mock them provided you are on public property, not blocking their way, etc.  That is a free speech matter, which is a different story.  And yes, his first attempt at 'hi' would have been fine if he was reading signals correctly.  I bet she wouldn't have even been too angry if he disappeared as soon as she showed disinterest.  Guys throwing out an insult because they were rejected is a huge reason why more casual flirting is not so casual for girls.  From her point of view, a rejection can lead to retaliation.  Many more guys would be getting laid if they didn't put so many girls on edge.
someone else here mentioned that the bill explicitly forbids research..
This is the book I gave my teens, funny, short, precise, accurate, and surprisingly comprehensive.  https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/sex-nikol-hasler/1102540771
Here's what the ACLU of Maine has to say:  &gt;The ACLU of Maine has recently faced criticism for our opposition to LD 745, which would create multiple new felony penalties for the practice of female genital mutilation (FGM). Much of this criticism has erroneously stated that we oppose laws making FGM illegal.  We wish to reiterate that we do not support the practice of FGM, and that we are not calling for the legalization of this practice. In fact, FGM is already illegal under both Maine and federal law. We do not oppose those laws. What we oppose are attempts to address societal problems by increasing the criminal justice response, when this has not proven effective and could in fact be counter-productive.  If we have learned anything from the 40-year-long “war on drugs,” it is that harsher penalties are rarely the best way to curb dangerous behavior. Rather, they have the effect of driving the behavior underground, and making it harder for those affected by the practice to get the help they need.  In the case of LD 745, the severity of the proposed new penalties could have the effect of tearing families apart. Parents and children could be less willing to come forward, given the potential for such severe results.  For nearly a decade, the ACLU has supported laws aimed at protecting the rights and safety of women and girls.  This includes laws condemning the practice of FGM. Our opposition to LD 745 does not change that. We remain committed to working with our partners who advocate for the rights of women and girls, and those in Maine’s immigrant communities, to find evidence-based solutions that will truly protect these vulnerable populations.
&gt;Someone who has been with 7 partners safely can be completely clean... While someone who has literally had one sexual partner can have an std.  but statistically speaking, the person with 7 is far more likely
After a long day I'd love a hot bath with bath salts and candles and a foot massage while in it and a soft robe to get into and a warm house to be comfortable.
Wow temptation shouldn't matter if you're in a marriage. A real adult would rise through that temptation and think about how acting out on them would effect his life and the people he chose to keep in his life. I think it's a poor excuse for people to cheat and there is absolutely no way I would take anymore crap for that guy. Sounds like he's a bum and using his poor life choices to make you feel bad for him. Disgusting.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess this couple is under 30.   I'm betting the "husbandl's mental age is 18
A five day bachelor party, when he's unemployed?
A loving father and husband doesn't allow his 7 month pregnant and wife to fullfil the roles of breadwinner, parent and house keeper while doing sweet fuck all
Valid points but that situation is different than what OP is describing as of now. Your parents were miserable while OP was generally fine until discovering this (I say generally as we don't know the full details about the husband and his job search, maybe he has been working hard). This episode could definitely make things miserable going forward though, but that is yet to be seen. Just saying this isn't directly comparable to your parents at the moment.
Cheaters gonna cheat. He broke trust. Leave now.
Don't want to sound to dumb, but I am an android user, I am confused how you saw the messages he as getting?
I'm so happy to hear that you're not letting the negativity get to you!! Seriously that takes a lot of courage to keep coming back, even after experiencing that. Those girls must have a pretty pathetic sense of humor. What's funny about someone going to work out at the gym? People come in all shapes and sizes, why are larger people still being taunted? Why is it some hilarious joke? Can they really not find anything more creative to laugh at? It truly makes me pity them. It also sounds like they're not putting much effort into their own exercise regimes if they are spending all of their time mocking you and taking pictures... Sad!
Tell the gym. They're a business and don't want people hanging around making patrons uncomfortable.   And fuck those bitches. Keep doing your thing.
I'm sorry but if my GF did this I would be devastated. It wouldn't be snappy revenge texts and shit. I agree if would feel like my world just caught on fire
I've always thought bacherlor and stag parties were free passes for that sort of thing, or at the very least, it was one last night of frivolity while your partner looked the other way. I don't understand modern courtship customs. I would never get married lol.
This is why it's a terrible idea shack up, and it's better to get married before having children. The jerk doesn't respect you nor himself. I'm sorry for your distress and wish you the best, but things were done a certain way for millennia for a reason. I hope you find someone that respects and appreciates you one day.
Have you guys talked about this (rather, have you told him how you feel about kids?) it's ok to be on the fence but your partner deserves to know where you're at. My best friend doesn't want kids but her husband does, they got married about a year ago... idk what the future holds for them or if they've worked this out yet. (Definitely something that should've been worked out before getting married).
That sounds like it must be very difficult for you.
Totally agreed.  He used the phrase "you only live once"!!!!!!!!!!!!!  That is not an "I was dissatisfied" or an "I slipped up".  That is straight up I want to cheat because I have an opportunity.  Shitpile needs to be kicked to the curb like the trash he is.
 He is showing you who is truly is. Do not make the mistake of believing that this is a one time thing. He will do this again to you and your family. I am sending you strength and courage. I am sorry that he is putting you and your children through this.   Edited because I overlooked the elopement and thought they weren't married yet.
You're right, of course, but all of these details like employment, OP being pregenant, etc, REALLY add to the "fucking dick" fire. Hell, I'm a dude, I've cheated before, and I still hate this guy.
I've read this before somewhere and it still sends a good message. Thank you for the repost.
&gt;because they wanted to spend the night going to strip clubs &amp; watching porn.  Do you work in the 70s?
"Everyone cheats" is just a quick defense to make you feel like your infidelity is normal. Everyone doesn't cheat, man.
It's supposed to be funny because you're obviously **not** a terrorist. It wasn't a racial statement. It was a subtle jab at the process. Like an eye roll to the background check. It's not really that funny of a joke, but neither are most of everyone's everyday one liners. She didn't account for the fact that you had some feelings  going on that made you sensitive to remarks. But it wasn't a racial jab. It was a sarcastic remark.
I think alimony is the dumbest thing.... I get what its original intent was but now it's just a way for someone to continue leaching
The baby boomer generation was the coddled generation, fuck off.
Sad to say,  my ex was similar,  and he did catch another fool.   She's staying,  it seems.  But she's asked me questions ass had some thoughts of leaving.  Stays because god says so.
you're about to marry a piece of shit. bail while you still can do so easily as it will be much harder in the future.
Send him a screen shot asap of the convo. He needs to panic and do some introspection while he is away.
Run. It doesn't get any better.
While I don't doubt the possibility of her making it up or being right or whatever as we really know nothing before it goes to court; I'll say that "independent third party investigation we pay for" is a ridiculous concept.  These investigators have incentive to conclude in favour of whoever hires them to continue to get hired.
Bag all his stuff, park it on the sidewalk. Tell him: Ass, meet curb; curb, ass. Run back inside and lock the door behind you.
I'm not defending him. But being emotional doesn't help in custody battles, or in any legal contract, really.
I was cheated on. I thought I could work through it, but it turns out her cheating was the subconscious cue she didn't love me anymore. It took her a year to realize it conciously, and all the work and forgiveness went out the window when she left me.  I'm so sorry this happened, but confront him, don't let him blame you for anything, and be stern. His act automatically broke you up, it's up to you whether you act on it.  That might sound harsh, but you are the beautiful, strong woman with all the power, not him.
You've never met people like this, apparently.  They spin fine tales and are manipulative enough that people fall for it all the time.  My ex's mother lost everything but the shirt off her back to one.  When you first meet him you have no idea how he managed to get her hooked, but then you find out he's had 5 kids with 3 other women before despite never working an honest day in his life and you realize there's talent there.  A despicable talent, but a talent nonetheless.    Underestimating people like this gives them an advantage.  Don't do it.
Yes there is. Some states have it in hopes that there will be reconciliation.
Go clean your room.
I have never seen a more spiteful bunch of people. Dump him! hide the money!, take the kids away! Hayzeus de Christo.  There is at this point, no proof he has done anything but flirt. Her saying stop kissing other girls could be just teasing him for flirting. I think this is more than worth a talk, but to end it over that text is a little rushed imho. I'm not saying he's a saint, but I'm sure he's not the worst guy if youve been with him this long.   Be the bigger person and offer him the chance to talk. Send him a screenshot of the texts and see what he says. I'm not saying hes innocent, but that text is far from proof he's an adulterer. Flirting, even over text isnt good grounds for divorce. Calm down Reddit and stop pushing this internet stranger toward bad decisions.
Are there places where landlords allow unemployed people on a lease?  I've never encountered that in the wild.
I hate being female; they rub it in my face.  I just want a nice big phallus. =(
Hopefully you will use this as fuel for motivation to go on and not give up.
Maybe the reason he was feeling so down in the first place is that he doesn't REALLY want to go through with the marriage.
Don't give him the time of day, it doesn't ever get better.
I am not surprised that my curiosity was taken as a blatant attack on someone's career of choice. I am on TwoX after all, everything a male says is an assault on a women.
     I've always known that not all men are assholes, but it's always great to hear more stories like yours. I don't blame people who get jaded after bad experiences, and generalize all guys. I've only had one relationship with a guy so far, I'm still fairly young that's why, and unfortunately the guy I dated wasn't a "good guy." I never thought he was a "bad person" necessarily either, he just did all of the typical douchebag moves while in a relationship with me. After some time in the relationship, he began to flirt with other girls in front of me, he would tell me things that really took a hit on my confidence, he would make me feel inadequate, and he never had the decency to actually break up with me.       He went after another girl while we were still involved, and he thought that by doing that, instead of actually being honest, and ending the relationship, I would just get the point and go away. Sadly, I really did love him. Way more than I loved myself. It took two years to get over him, and I still think of him now often. Although, it's different now. I don't remember him with a smile or a frown, I just remember. Anyway, enough about me. I'm really sorry about what happened to you, but I'm glad you found an amazing guy to prove to you there are good guys in the world.       Despite my bad experience, interestingly enough, I've never believed that there are no good guys in the world. I think it's because Im friends with many guys. I'm friends with both the somewhat douchey types, and the good ones. But seeing the good ones, and how much genuine love they have for their girlfriends does prove to me every day that good men are indeed around.
How is she ok with it if she's telling us about it? She's telling us how he takes advantage of her and has her working two jobs while pregnant. Then he has the nerve to cheat. It's not ok to take advantage of people. No one is ok with that. Some people just have trouble speaking up.
No, you're correct. I'll go edit that in.
&gt; They might question the boy, but that's it.   You've never met the average criminal I see. Most people just straight up confess.
I don't mind getting made fun of.  I mind rape threats.
I gained about 40lbs while on the shot and then the pills. Started at 115. Ive been trying to lose it for about a year now and had very little results. Ive switched to the copper iud, and I love it, hopefully I will start dropping all the other weight soon. Good luck!
That sucks, if you decide to continue, I'd suggest trying to get a moderator or two. That should help, either way hope all goes well in the end and sorry you had this happen to you.
Could do without the insults or attitude, but thanks anyways.
I actually DID text the other girl! I told her I wasn't mad at her...but that he didn't have a fiancé he has a WIFE and a 1 year old and one on the way. I asked if she could tell me woman to woman what happened. She did. And was remorseful. Much respect to her
Girl,  it sounds like his family has spoiled him rotten.  If his own mother is going to go baby him for doing this to you and if he is just going to give you typical excuses,  don't wait around for the worst. I know you love him,  but there is nothing worse than tying the knot with somebody who will not give you the love you deserve.   You got a baby on the way but an older son who I am sure will support you in this time.  Do you  have family near by?  Hopefully they can help as well.  I would choose your words and actions carefully at first. Are your finances separate?  If not,  immediately get that taken care of.  It's your choice to forgive him and stay.  But honestly,  he sounds like a repeat offender with no real remorse. I would advice leaving. Really if it's meant to be I would try again in a few years.  But hopefully by then you'll find a man who truly deserves you.  Best wishes!  Stay strong!
Less than half of the people graduating high school this year will have had sex.
I seem to be the only one who isn't like "kick him out instantly". Sure, he made a big mistake and he definitely has to pay for that. But you two have been together for 7 years, I don't think that one should throw such a relationship away over one incident. I don't know how your relationship status is outside of this incident, but as you plan to marry it shouldn't be too bad. A relationship should be about forgiving, and if he seriously, wholeheartedly is sorry, I think you should forgive him.
He was trying to make plans to see her again. Period.
You are amazing. I wish I could make that long of a trip alone right now
Stress relieving is a dream I won't be able to fulfill for quite a few more months! My 9 month old is a mama's boy and still won't sleep through the night. Some day that dream will come true though XD hahaha where I go, as goes my child. Le sigh.
Yup. Always B.  Talking from experience :)  Looks fade. That said, if you're young and just looking for sex and nothing more, go with what your "feelings" tell you. If you are looking for more..B B B
You sound like a real piece of work.   The strength of a marriage isn't based on your names.   Taking the man's name is symbolic of a woman switching from being the property of her father to the property of her husband and it's really fucked up in my opinion.   I never would have married a man who expected me to take his name. It would be obvious that he didn't share my values.
Sorry
And you aren't willing to make the symbolic gesture you require her to make because...?
I'm the bipolar one :-) been off meds for close to a year, and thankfully did tons of CBT in the past so I'm coping well about 85% of the time. I will go back on them the second I can though. He has a history of depression, and anxiety, and I would love to see him get help for it
Yes, a lot of companies are good about discreet packaging. I got mine from lovehoney.com
This is so true! Personally, i feel like ive been missing out on valuable gurl time like dressing up and taking cute selfies and just being so utterly girly. But I realise you need to find some who are just as laid back as yourself. The ones you feel on edge around will never understand, so don't waste your time, they will never take your honesty with a pinch of salt and there's no point living a sugar coated lie. It also gets harder to maintain friendships when you get older. Unfortunately laid back relatable chicks are so rare, so when you find one, never let them go because they're gems.
You're not wrong friend
Look I know you are getting pulled in every direction right now but before you decide to divorce I'd like to share a podcast my wife and I came across when looking for counseling,  I would like to clarify I didn't cheat we just argue and have a hard time finding the middle ground. I know it will all work out no matter your decision. Good luck. The podcast is on Audible called "where should we begin" By Esther perel episode 1
I just hate that I can't build muscle mass like a man. I always wanted to be really strong. And dudes will literally laugh at women for being weaker than them and act like it's some kind of point of superiority that they're better at physical shit.   I hate it so much. It's given me a lot of body dysmorphia. I want to cry just thinking about it.
Got ya.  I misread.  I wish you the best of luck, whatever path you end up on.
I don't think it's that serious. If it pretty much came out on its own, and she isn't in any pain or discomfort from it, it should be fine. Would probably want to book in with the doc just to be safe tho, you gotta get new birth control anyway so 2 birds.
Thanks. Probably gonna try waiting it out for a couple weeks to see if he gets any better
Why are people downvoting the comments that are trying to be helpful and upvoting the comments that are NOT helping her?
Tell him clearly and set healthy boundaries. It doesn't matter that you seemed willing before; you have EVERY RIGHT to change your mind, it doesn't mean you're lying. It just means you're not ready, and that's okay.
You shouldn't feel like you need to have sex with him just because you discussed it before. Be honest and let him know that you're not ready, and he should be able to understand that. Take your time, do it when you feel it's right.
I'm a water waster, so probably not! Some people do dry shaves, others have a bucket of water nearby to wipe away the excess shaving cream. It's up to you!
You need to view  yourself now as a dad in training...You are half of everything surrounding her pregnancy...She decides ...you support..And a meal and a back rub is kind...but what you both need is to reaccess your relationship in a new way. If you're not ready to parent..wear a condom always... double your birth control methods. One failed and may again...Good man
I cringe at the thought of dry shaving
Captain Marvel comes out 2019 I think
But Jean Grey *is* more powerful than Professor X. With the Phoenix Force, she's one of the most powerful characters in the entire Marvel Universe. If she was in complete control she wouldn't be as interesting of a character because she would be too overpowered.
Ghost in the shell possibly
Well. This is too much information but I hope it helps someone. Genetically endometriosis runs in my family and sometimes I have unbearable cramping with mine. One of my grandmas always had to use a tampon and an overnight pad to prevent bleeding through her clothes. Some women in my family put 2 super long overnight pads in their underwear, one towards the front, one towards the back to make a longer pad. That oftentimes stops bleeding through clothes but on the rare occasion not.   Taking 2 or three ibuprofen (3 if you are very heavy) every 4 to 6 hours as well as 1 asprin every 24 hours ( to lessen blood clots..which are a major cause of cramps) helps the pain, as well as bringing in a heating pad to work. I have been lucky in some office situations could bring in a heating pad and no one would say anything. One guy asked me about it when I did so once because he thought it was strange, but I acted like it made me uncomfortable and it shut him up. Getting up and walking around helps too. Regular exercise every day does wonders for some periods.  If it weren't for heating pads and pain pills though and the pad trick I would be completely incapacitated many a period.  I have irregular periods and sometimes I will get painful twinges a couple weeks before my period. I find its always good to carry a pad to put in, and if you feel the twinge could be you will get your period soon use something just as a precautionary measure. Also always having extra pads and change of clothes for emergencies helps.  I have bled through my clothes due to periods several times in my life and in middle school when I got my first period I bled through my clothes on the desk seat ! Was one of the most embarrassing days of my life. No one told me anything either, I had been wandering around most of the day with a giant red stain on the back of my light colored pants.  Thankfully it was my last class of the day...but still....you think someone would have said something earlier and sent me to the nurse or something.
Oops, that is a typo: it should read CRT.  CRTs are Cognitive Reflection Tests.
Oh, wow, that's interesting! Okay, as long as it's normal. And yours was a success, right?   The clinic that I went to hasn't been all that helpful when I've called them about this stuff, unfortunately :(  Thank you so much!!!
What does this question have to do with ethnically Jewish Gal Gadot?
??
this
Thank you so much for the strength. I really appreciate it.  I think long-term would be lovely. When I was around 20 and my family went through a similar health crisis, I reached out a nursing home to see if any of the older folks there would want to play checkers or do a puzzle. I was told by my priest that they were already had their own grandchildren and I'd be more of a burden than anything, so I haven't really tried that again.   I apologize for asking more, but you mentioned a couple of type of gatherings that would be good for that. And they seem really helpful. Do you have any tips on talking with *adults* in those situations in a way that I don't appear desperate or something, but also communicates that I'm open to more than just the event that we're at? I've been told by my friends that I often give off the vibe that I have everything in control and don't want any sort of support. I suppose it's generally because I don't want to scare people. '^_^
Do they have no commonalities? If you take fifty photos, sort them into "attractive to me", "not attractive to me", and "eh", I'd have figured you could analyze the piles and get some insight into what's involved.
But one was the key factor. Colour helped, and someone who didn't "look Jewish" might have had a shot running under someone else's papers, but being a white did not prevent the known ethnic Jew from persecution.
Sure, but they are obviously not caring for this animal; presumably you have vet records, and I hope you took pictures.  Either that or go talk to them directly.
It's all in your confidence and how you present yourself. The type of guys I personally find attractive are those that tend to dig brains more than fitting into a size 6 dress, and I know it. So if they are the type not to like me because I'm overweight, why would I consider them worth my time?   Dress for your body shape and get active in groups with similar intrests. Online dating sucked but once I started getting out there in person there are a ton of options. Met my current boyfriend from a gaming group and he's a wonderful fit.  There is an amount of confidence that comes with knowing your own strengths and your own value. You are more than your weight. Now, I have lost weight, but even at 85 lbs heaver, I still had zero issues dating just because of weight.
I am planning to stay longer here. I have issues with family already my parents are from village and just before coming here they announced me dead. That is one more thing to add to my mental health. About marriage i belong to society (lower and poor) where girls get married between 15-18. My engagement was done when i was 14 but i broke it when I got into undergrad. So I am already too aged for them to find a man for me. Anyway they don't care anymore as i said  they declared me dead. About caste it was Shia and Sunni issue.   I feel your words that it is worth to wait. As I am not after sex. I just need to prepare myself to meet new people. I will try thanks for your suggestion and kind words.
How do you know he was going to ask for a date?
Exactly. You know that famous scene from exodus?  http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0053804/quotes
Maybe he just confused you with a person he already knew.
That's my issue with wanting everything to be 50/50. It's entirely possible that men are just naturally better at certain things than women (and vice versa). That's ok. I have a lot of trouble believing that the only reason behind the unequal distribution is sexism or socialization.   That said, I also think it would be misguided to say that the unequal distribution has *nothing* to do with sexism or socialization. It makes complete sense that an industry dominated by one gender would be harder for the opposite gender to break into. So I do think it makes sense to encourage more women to get into directing and to celebrate those who do. If it ends up being 50/50, cool. I just think *expecting* everything to be 50/50 is unrealistic.
Learning that sometimes love isn't enough broke my heart almost just as much. I was 100% convinced she was my soulmate in every way, and I've yet to met anyone who understood and accepted all of me the way she did. People told me that things might change, and she might want kids later (and for you, that his career might change), but I respected and loved her too much as she was to go forward expecting her to be different. I expect it's the same for you!  Ultimately, if you break up now, when it can be as clean and healthy as possible, you are giving both of you a chance to successfully move on sooner. I never got closure with my ex (she refused to talk about it in detail with me, she doesn't even know it was because of kids), and to this day I struggle with trying to bring closure to myself, especially because I considered myself someone who would Never cheat.
The achievements of transwomen who were identifying as men, living as men, and benefiting from male privilege, while important, shouldn't be treated as the same as the achievements of any woman, cis or trans, who achieves something while living and identifying as a woman. And honestly, with the Wachowski sisters, there's a question of how much they still benefit from things they did with the benefit of male privilege. Would Jupiter AScending have been made with that budget if they hadn't done the Matrix series?  The Matrix Films were made by women, but the next highest grossing film made by women (be they cis or post-transition trans) should also be mentioned in the same breath when talking about who set the record.
It was only a matter of time before someone found fault. I guess it couldn't be helped.  Makes it seem like there's just no winning with some communities though.
because Palestinians are not ethnic Jews by any metric. Not ethnically, not religiously, not racially. So OF COURSE we don't consider them to be ethnically Jewish.  Jews, actual Jews, are a race, an ethnicity, a tribe, a religion. We defy conventional definition. Even the whitest polish Jewish grandmother is middle eastern and has more genes in common with an Iraqi Jew than a gentile pole.  Your definition doesn't work.  Do you try to define how black people self-identify?   Transgenders? Do you tell them how to self identify?  And Arabs are not descended from ancient Israelites. That's why we joke about being cousins.
&gt; That's not what fetishizing means. Fetishizing means putting something on a sexual pedestal just because it has a certain quality.  And let's be honest, no one uses that word when the quality is a mainstream appreciation.  &gt; Now don't get me wrong I agree with you that you were not necessarily fetishizing trans women. People were just being hypersensitive because trans women are often fetishized (people may pursue them just because they are trans), and you made a comment that would have been a lot nicer if you had simply stick to complimenting her voice as a woman instead of commenting about her being trans. It makes you sound like a fetishizer because you're making a generalized compliment.  Why "as a woman"? Why am I not fetishizing when I persue someone just because they're a woman in this case? But like I said there wasn't even anything sexual about it.  I just liked the voice, not "as a woman" or "as a trans woman"; regardless of whom the voice was on I would've liked it. I just pointed out that it seems to be common for transwomen to have a voice like that.
Holy shit, you're the best. Reading thru u/Dembara profile, it's seems they only post on two x and men's rights. Face, meet palm.
&gt;A lot of people here are suggesting makeup -- I disagree, wear what makes you comfortable!  Agreed. Also, I had a co-worker who would make silly faces when she didn't know what to do or say. It seemed very involuntary. She also used to do a little shimmy dance back to her desk when she was done talking to someone. I often felt the urge to say that she was undermining her own image by acting like that. But there's no telling how she would have reacted so I kept my mouth shut
I mean, why comment at all? what were you hoping to achieve? you just want to yell at some random redditor? What does that do for you? Would you yell at some random person in the street?
I'm sorry... But your user name does not check out with your graciousness.  =p  As a retail manager, it warms my heart everyone i see one person help another.   On a side note, I watched a young woman on the WiC program get h harassed by a customer because it was taking too long and she refused to move to an open checkout lane.  I called her out on it, in a low whisper, the woman on wic I believe was unable to hear me.   It was to the affect of, "this woman is doing what she can to feed her child, this doesn't mean she can't afford to feed her family, but it is a struggle to feed them right.  Give her kids soda ir 'juice drink,' or the real fruit juice which costs more than double.  Ramen soup for dinner, or real veggies.  She is being a responsible adult taking care of her children.  I'm sorry the procedure takes a while, but that's an issue to take up with the state, not the woman, especially after I offered to bring you through a register that had no lines."  I kept going, by the time I was done speaking the first woman was gone, and the woman I was speaking to had her head down telling me she wished she could apologize...  Two days later the first woman came in, thanks Me for standing up for her, then told the store director.  And again, I don't think she knew what I said, just that I put myself between the irate person and her.
I find this hard to do. 3 times I've tried to give a homeless guy downtown a spare bus pass when he asked for money for the bus. Each one refused it. They just wanted money.
Me too.  Nice to know there are others out there. Good on you!   Edit: stupid auto correct.  Cuz old on you totally makes more sense.
There's sure a lot of crusading in your head.
Pretty sure I saw a video on Facebook that was pretty much exactly this...and then the kid grew up and bought a cake for a little girl and her grandma and it turned out the cake was for the man who'd bought the cake years before for the kid.
Havent done anything like offering money in line, etc. But regularly give streetfolks a buck or two when approached. Whenever i see someone trying to take a selfie with an historic site or landscape, etc., i offer to take the pic for them. Eg. A young couple with a waterproof camera in the water at Cancun. Snapped a few pics of them hugging, splashing, playing in the water. They were very appreciative. Also took pics of a couple at Graceland. It's not much, i know.
For me it was the coffee she put back. It was clearly a wic order, and she had paid cash for things like toilet paper and soap. But she put back what was a nice bag of coffee that was clearly meant as a treat for her. I had been stressing out that day over am insurance problem and seeing her there with three kids making it all work put my problems in perspective.   So I bought the cofree and told her that it was from one mom of small kids to another.
Yes, I agree that it has to be the right situation. I was approached at Target recently by a woman who asked me if I could give her money to buy the biggest bottle of Pantene conditioner...I mean, do you really need to buy the biggest Pantene bottle they sell? If she needed diapers, formula or groceries I would've totally done it, but no one "needs" expensive shampoo that bad. I told her no, that I didn't have any money. She gave me the most evil look.
Of course its a thing. They just ask the mother who the father is. She can name anyone. The state should ask for a paternity yes but they don't. They just start garnishing the guys wages and he has to sue to get a paternity test done. And sometimes the state doesn't care and keeps garnishing his wages even though he's not the father because its in the best interest of the child.
Excellent point!
Do you ever wish to find her and befriend her in the future? I know I would want to meet her again if I was in your shoes c:
What a heart warming thread! I'm so glad to see so many people thinking of others out there who are in need. I try to help people whenever I can, whether it's having a small care package in the car to hand out to a beggar, or buying someone in need a meal when I buy my lunch. I have done regular charity work since about 10 years old and it really does fill your heart up to give of your time or money, or just doing some small, kind act.  People sometimes look at me like I'm crazy but honestly, the tables can turn in a flash and that could be me out there, relying on the kindness of strangers. It costs me so little to make sure someone isn't hungry for one meal, or has some warm socks for when they're sleeping outside at night. I do what I can with what I have...  And coincidentally, I've been in some situations where I've needed help and strangers have come through for me. I don't do it for some karmic balance thing, but it really makes the world of difference when a total stranger goes out of their way to help you.  Thanks Redditors! Faith in humanity restored!  ~ No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted ~
I'm complaining that they're being heralded  as champions of women's empowerment by doing something logical. Where's my medal for doing something because it's the only smart thing to do, like eating or drinking.
It's still fresh, but an outright refusal of professional help accompanied his revelation. Quite possibly because his abuser was never brought to justice, despite the sibling abuse having been brought to light and investigated but who knows for sure. All I know is that's not a resource at this time, and right now I'm on my own- what do *I* do??
Because I believe women shouldn't rely on fucking men to support herself. I believe women should be expected to do real work to support herself and not use her body as if it and others can be viewed as buyable fuck holes.   You like sex? Great. Get a fucking job and have sex with whoever you want all the time. Just don't make fucking you like a job. It makes us all look incompetent
i had 2 questionable massed in my right breast in 2013, and my doctor feared they were malignant. ended up getting surgery to have them both removed and have a biopsy performed on them. thankfully not cancerous, but was later diagnosed with fibrocystic breasts. generally speaking, my symptoms are minimized to masses popping up in my right breast randomly. sometimes with a small amount of pain, but usually i dont notice until i do self exams. they just feel like lumpy masses, about the size of a kiwi or smaller. one of the masses i had removed was about peach sized though.
It's time you learned this subreddit has agendas it pushes. Dont fool yourself, this place isnt user driven
The link above is from the U.S. Department of Veteran's Affairs, and they have a lot of data on PTSD on their site. If you believe their data is false, feel free to take your case up with them.
&gt; Let me decide what you can eat for a year. Let me control your body for a year, you now don't get to go out on Saturdays or are allowed to have access to the internet.  Like when the father is in prison for not being able to pay child support for a child he did not want?  &gt; The state, and society as a whole, says that dad's get to pay the parent tax for having a kid and not supporting them.  Which is incongruent with the rights that women have, even after they give birth, to not be a parent should they so desire.  &gt; You can very easily not pay child support, stay in their lives.  You go to prison if you don't pay child support.  &gt; The mother is electing that option by having the child.  Yes, the mother has a decision.  So should the father, before the child is born, while abortion is still an option for the mother should she wish to have one knowing that the father has surrendered his rights and responsibilities (in this hypothetical proposal).
Why can't he ask both of your parents? Asking just your father is pretty sexist and kind of gross (it represents passing the woman from ownership of one male to the other). Wanting your SO to gain acceptance from your family is fine, but it should be from both your parents, not just your dad because he's the man.
He should ask the most important people/family in your life. "I am going to propose to kitty carousel and hope to have your blessings"
No, it makes sense for strength too. I'm not talking about a math test. I'm saying give then a test that measures exactly what they need to do - which would be strength and fitness based for the infantry. The general fitness test measures general fitness, but has different standards for different people - the 40-year-old infantryman on the front line doesn't have to do as many pushups as the 20-year-old because a "generally fit" 40-year-old doesn't do as many pushups as the "generally fit" 20-year-old.  do you oppose this?   But in addition to meeting the general fitness standard (which changes by person), the job skills test with one single standard measures whether they can actually complete the job. For an infantryman, it would be something in the sort of range I'd proposed above - Put on 100lbs of gear, run 10 miles, and then carry a 200lb dummy for a mile. (not *exactly* that. But something that measures what the infantry does in that sort of vein.)  That's still very much a strength test, but it's a measure of the *specific* strength needed for the job - not a very specific strength like pushups. Everyone, whether 20, 40, or female, needs to be able to complete whatever standard is set for that job-related test, because those are the skills - for infantry, strength-based skills -that are critical to do the job without endangering one's peers.
While I have no opinion on the subject other than the government has no business in such matters, I advocate everyone who's upset about this in the Austin area departing to more blueish tinted areas of the political map... simply because I'm sick of the insane traffic on Mopac and 183 during my commute.
Im not a scientist or phd or anything but i always viewed the tradition of asking the father this way. Fathers generally tend to be uncomfortable with their daughters growing up and getting in relantionships with men. So when the prospect fiance asks the dad for his permission its like, hey im a good guy, i love your daughter and i want us(dad and fiance) to have a good relantionship. Mothers seem to be more easy going with their daughters. Maybe its cause dads understand their daughters less and makes them overly protective. Where as mothers seem to identify easier with their daughters so tend to have more confidence in their descision making.
Michael Palin travels carl sagan cosmos
https://math.stackexchange.com/a/1419161
Good.  But do go on about how one of the highest earning comedians of this generation is somehow oppressed.
she kind of deserves it
If **anyone** says they love him, he acts like he can't hear or understand it.  Literally, I made a stone keychain (so it was etched in stone) that says "(Manager) loves (co-worker)" because every time my manager says he loves him he says he doesn't know what he said. Sadly, he claimed he was unable to read the writing on the stone.
I don't like your bastard nuclear weapons, and other such things {{{{{http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090329/}}}}} {{{{{matilda-movie}}}}} {{{{{pythogoras-theorem}}}}} {{{{{yo, hop, gregor-mendel, readable }}}}} {{{{{spheres}}}}}
I personally wouldn't risk bringing up painful memories like that for no real reason.
Well, it looks like they mostly had the idea, started a company and never showed a prototype of it actually working: http://www.snopes.com/undercover-colors/  This sounds very similar, neat idea, but no science behind it. Additionally, their idea isn't even new: https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/6fu0z8/three_teenagers_are_being_praised_for_a_straw/dil7h6i/
The 2 year one is VERY misleading as if you read the actual study you can not draw the conclusions they have in the abstract / or it is worded poorly. The study results have NOT been duplicated which means there results are very suspicious. Until it is duplicated it is very suspicious.   The manufacturer is being silly. Many women with Copper IUD chart / use monitors. Maybe they are confused and think you mean hormonal IUD?   I use FAM as a secondary / third BC method. I'm childfree so never want to get pregnant.  So start  using the monitor.
She looks healthy and fit... she just needs to get a bigger size. If she's lifting there's no harm in getting sizes M - L. She shouldn't take sizing to heart. I fit both my XS shorts and my boyfriend's XXL shorts... a big size doesn't mean she's too big, she's obviously fit and healthy from the pics
Your manager seems like an asshole. Don't let anyone make you feel that way about doing something right. It's your personal space and you shouldn't have had to tell your coworker not to even once. It's a work area, not a freaking bar. If he can't follow the rules and keep his hands to himself then he shouldn't be there anyways. Married or not, he has no reason to put his hands on your waist. Don't feel bad about reporting him. Managers have to go through ethics classes so yours should know better and know that being nice to someone isn't a pass to touch you.
I know right. I should've just slammed the entire thing on top of him with an 'oops'. Imaginary revenge fantasy only, I guess :(
Therapy, meditation, exercise, eating healthily, stopping yourself from gossiping or being unpleasant (this is a big one, and difficult) and cultivating your own interests / sharing those of others. I know how hard it is to break this kind of behaviour.
Lol you guys can't tell what's a joke 😂
Well done! I'm 31 and don't own my own property, though I will soon, and the absolute cheapest 1 bed flat in a terrible area where I live (London) is at least around $750,000...
I really loved that headline, Amal Clooney truly does not get the recognition she deserves for being such an amazing and accomplished person. It's something that I too didn't realize for a while, but then once I noticed a pattern and started speaking to people, realized that it has a "women are property" feeling to it. Props to you for being such a great feminist dad and listening and learning!
Well, fuck.
I want to state flat out, I appreciate the reply and response you gave me.   But I'm against this happening.  I'm not with the you have to have sex with me because you are my wife.   I want it if you want it.  Any mutilation genitals is bullshit.
It's very much his uncomfortablity with the fact that guys will think sexual thoughts and will try something. He knew a lot of guys that had no shame and will go after girls even though they were in a relationship/married. Yes is insecurity and not healthy but I can't fault him for that. I personally would rather wear a long shirt to cover my butt than to be sexually harassed.
Qwest diagnostics and many others have same day testing.
There's a point where you wear a dress and doll leggings up with jewelry and hair where leggings are in the neighborhood of jeans, I think. Yoga pants, though? No. No no no. Those are gym/yardwork/housework clothes.   But if you wear leggings to the office you better be wearing a dress or skirt whose length is appropriate-to-setting if you were bare-legged and it'd better be an outfit where opaque tights in the same color and pattern would have worked.  But saying you can't wear stuff isn't ok unless it's a business dress code, or talking about events with a set formality (don't wear yoga pants to a wedding unless it says it on the invites, for example). OP can wear what she wants.
I think it should say because not despite..... this has been proven time and time again abstinence education does not work.
There are nudist families out there who are full Monty nude around each other.   If he starts avoiding you or starts cringing I'd stop, and certainly not force it on him but he's not going to be crippled by it.
You aren't responsible for the sins of your father any more than the rest of us are.
Anytime I ever hear dudes mention the Olympics, the first comment is always "I just watch it for the beach volleyball" so, yes.
&gt; If you want credit for the good, you have to take credit for the bad.  Does that apply to everyone, or only whites?  All races have done negative things.  Are you saying that all black people are responsible for the fact that half the murders in the US are committed by them, despite being 13% of the population?  "Gotta take credit for the bad"  &gt; So you want credit for ending slavery  No, I don't. I'm just countering your blatantly warped narrative.  &gt; not for the continuation of slavery   White men ended slavery. They didn't continue it. That's the point.  &gt; the racist white supremacy of today.   I assume you are talking about the US. The US is not a "racist white supremacist nation." It is in fact one of the most welcoming and least racist nations on earth.  I assume you haven't travelled much.  If you want me to take all the credit for the good, then I guess whites will also take credit for the fact that white majority countries are the most successful countries in the world, with the greatest levels of freedom and prosperity.  I am very thankful that the white people who founded the country I live in made good decisions that allowed the country to be such a great place to live in. Aren't you? Do you hate George Washington, just because he was white? Do you hate America, as a whole? Why?
Another reason why i think they went MMFF or FFMM being the best is that when usian passes to the first girl, he's like right up on her knees nad looks like its ar eally early pass, I'm not a huge track guy but most of hte races I've seen they like to pass near the end, but it seems Usain was literally to fast and forced a earlier pass than perfect.  I wonder if best order would be MFFM because of this or FFMM to reduce male to female passes but I feel like having a guy on off the start has to be best right? That explosive power can't be made up anywhere else on the track since the relay has postions 2-4 starting mid to full stride, and well the guys are just going to push off harder...
Personally, I've found that rustling the jimmies of cis/straight guys is the most amusing thing ever. So yes
Do you legitimately believe testosterone has no effect whatsoever on athletic strength?
*give* away?  POC pay taxes too!  Minorities are equal citizens! Why do you think whites own the government?  Why do you write as if demanding equality is asking for privilege?
Objectification of women in pop media is involved in shaping the heterosexual male's sexual instinct?  This is the most neckbeard shit I've ever read.
You should definately get checked out then just to be safe hun. It could be nothing but if it is, the earlier treated the better...Good luck❤
Poke my wife in the butt all the time. I am a sex offender now.
25 years of first-hand experience with straight men leads me to believe... yes, this is exactly how they are like 😭
"Imaginary sex differences" you mean the fact that men put on considerably more muscle mass than women and are on average taller as well? Both of those are incredibly relevant in the world of sports. pretending that women and men are complete equals physically is just foolish, testosterone is a fucking hell of a hormone. It's not someimaginary difference between men and women it's a legitimate sexual dimorphism. There's a reason that most women Olympic world record holders would fail to qualify for men's events, and it's not some imaginary difference between the sexes it's that the guys are just bigger faster and stronger more or less across the board. Every men's world record in speed or strength competitions is quite a bit higher than the women's world record. Its not sexism it's literal physical differences between men and women
It gets worse. Sexism, ageism. And boy does society poo on us. The thing is, even the most negative situation has something positive in it. Look for them. Write them down if you need to , but the ability to see positive in something negative is a skill worth more than gold. With that kind of gold, you look at a waitress's pay in a different perspective. And for sure, any child would be happy to be heir to that fortune!
Is it necessary for you to exist?
looks like "woman only" camp wants something the "kids only" camp have. Clearly the "woman only" camp didn't grow up enough. But it is ok, better the keep them contained.
Ok, so what we learn from your comment is that men are one-dimensional automatons with no impulse control.  Good story, fuckface,
because POCs need more representation in the media
You're a construct!
Your explanation fits within the definition of "pro-choice".     Because it is every woman's choice for herself.  So, thanks for supporting women's rights!
Just keep swimming.
I would date a girl that dresses like a guy. In general I find tomboy girls very attractive. I'm a straight guy tho.
It had nothing to do with the article, because the article is a hot mess of name drops and tangents. That "Flush condoms down the toliet" thing, is a different case Gunn's Lawyer worked on before that has nothing at all to do with this case. It was to "Show off" her history in the industry and her talent. But aside from that comment and what the case was about it never mentioned the out come or how it had relevance too this story.
Before reading further, I'd say I root for the lady on the left for lack of horrendous glasses. Let's see if I was right
Not really, unless we're going to go into deceptions and worse. It takes two to have sex, so if they disagree on the use of condoms, they shouldn't be having it.
Legend has the real Amazons chopping off a breast to make shooting with a bow and arrow easier.
&gt; Neither did the rubber band thing.  I once bought a cheap gag pen that gives a very mild electric shock when clicked, to keep myself awake during meetings. I dunno if that would help anyone, but they're only a few bucks on Amazon if you search for "shock pen".
Good point on replacing her dog as a motive. She just sounds like a Nice Guy who interprets any reaction that isn't screaming as a positive go ahead for boundary stomping.
perhaps privacy/safe space is a concern?
I never even attempted to use one of "those words" so climb down there off your high horse
Direct from the federal government where I live (and I'm sure your federal government has a similar page, I hate to push the issue but you guys are literally encouraging people to **commit a crime** here):  You should only call 000 when a situation is threatening to life or property, or time-critical. If a situation is not urgent but does need the attention of an emergency service organisation, you should obtain the number of your local police, fire or ambulance service from the phone book or by calling directory assistance. Calling an emergency line for any other matter is a criminal offense.
Look up Women on Waves.
Unhealthy view of sex and relationships, often wants to drink, unhealthy view of women at times,  plus idk just a feeling that I can't shake.  If I thought it didn't bug him I would drop it but ik my boyfriend.
Better :)
&gt;I think if I tell him it will start a fight.   That's probably the same logic he used when he lied to you. Be the bigger person here - admit that you went through his phone. It's true that you shouldn't have, but you did. Your feelings are valid even though you did something you shouldn't have. The fact that you snooped doesn't absolve him of any blame.  Either admit it or get over it.
I would trust him about anything else but the way he acted when he talked about it was so out of character.
More work ethic than a millennial
I think they're talking more generally. I have been in this situation the other way around, where I was on foot and a guy catcalling me was on a bike. He followed me despite being in public and no one in the street tried to help me. Literally had to run to work!   But, even if you're not always in danger when being catcalled, it's always uncomfortable to be called attention to when you're just trying to mind your business. And there are frequently situations where it is dangerous.
Have fun with their 1 % growth rate and 9 % unemployment rate ...
OP says it's a unique experience to women. So yes, somebody is denying that it happens to men. Read the OP before commenting.
I love my wife's g boobs.  I also loved them when they were b.  I just love boobs.
That's like making her live her life with one arm tied behind her back. Not knowing how to say no, or being allowed to say no is a tremendous life handicap.    And a good set-up for abuse.
i don't see any reason a landlord should have any knowledge of a tenant's medical history whatsoever
Are you implying that your partner, on a busy road on only a bike, was somehow in less danger than you, who was literally spoken to?
Sorry, I just meant traumatic in the sense that its already kind of a scary procedure (at least for some)...and to lay this kind of legislation on women really goes to show how fucked up many of the people in power are.
Ehh, if he wasn't telling you that you couldn't take a medication then I would agree, but it sounds like he was telling you that you couldn't smoke in the backyard. That seems fair, because you can get alternate mediums or go elsewhere to do it. I wouldn't want people smoking in my house, whatever the reason.
If a person is drunk you can generally tell when it's to the point you really shouldn't be having sex with them.
How long until super right wing terrorism is replaced by the disgruntled extremist leftists start having a crack at stuff over crap like this?
Are you kidding me right now?  THR isn't feminist propaganda, and sexism definitely exists.  Are you a woman?  I am, and trust me, sexism is a thing women have to deal with every day.  And there is an imbalance in certain fields because women are encouraged/discouraged to go into certain fields solely because of their gender.  &gt;Girls like education and health fields more than engineering.  That just isn't true--you can't make sweeping generalizations like that.  Those are fields that since their inception have been dominated by one gender--it's going to take some time until they balance out because they are still seen as being the domain of one gender.  But that in no way means that "girls don't like engineering."  And maybe women don't want to be directors because they know that they will get no respect in the industry and not receive the same budgets (*especially* if they've already directed a flop) as their male colleagues.
Why are you even thinking about cleaning if it's his family visiting? Just stop doing it.
The relatively small official boundaries of the St. Louis city limits often cause it to get listed on 'most dangerous' cities, or other similar lists.  The city limits only includes the historical city boundaries (from the 1800s).  Unlike most cities it doesn't include even the inner ring suburbs or any of the later sprawl.  This makes it look much worse with any per-capita crime statistics, as they look at a smaller population and only the relatively-higher-crime portions of the city.  It fares much better when statistics include the surrounding St. Louis County as well.  https://nextstl.com/2016/05/better-alternative-dangerous-cities-ranking-st-louis-kansas-city/
Because reddit is not a public place. You can not censor someone using a private service. You do not have the right to use reddit. It's a privilege.
I wish that every child had a role model in their life that provided support and inspiration like this woman has provided this child. There's not enough of it going around these days. Thank you for taking time out of your day to truly and sincerely respond to her post; I'm sure it will impact her in immeasurable ways.
I'm truly sorry you feel that way... If it makes you feel any better I hated the way I looked when I was younger too and I'm white.  My dad was black and I couldn't stand my big nose. Kids made fun of me for it and it just, sucked.  You're young, please do the difficult thing and give self love everything you've got, take care!
I was told to go to a local rep once about a law that was preventing certain young Australians (by birth) from obtaining passports. Never heard a word about it. Sorry for the cynicism but I don't think pollies give a royal fuck about anything. :\
45 yo white dad here. It makes me sad as a parent that there are kids of any color, gender, background, or orientation out there hurting like this. You were born the way you are and that's beautiful no matter what. You do you and ignore the media, which is trying to make us all fit into a single mold. Media is one of the worst things out there damaging kids...I'm sorry to say that I haven't thought about how much harder that might be for a young black woman. Talk to someone that you trust about it though. It might help you jump over this hurdle.
 I'm so sorry. Please don't let anyone tell you this was your fault. It was rape, no excuses. Lots of love &lt;3
I don't see the correlation between feminism and people being banned...????
&gt; There is no rule that a couple can't have trashed drunk sex.   Actually there *is* a rule that a couple can't have sex where one of them is so drunk he or she is incapable of understanding what's going on.  This isn't mere drunkenness, but if OP is accurately describing the man's condition as completely incoherent, there's a real chance he was mentally incapacitated.  That would make this rape or some degree of sexual assault depending on the state.
Yet Reddit can, as a private concern, set rules and terms of use and those forbid these bots.  It's not a crime, but it's against the guidelines set by Reddit itself.
It's a human and a life well before 9 months (in fact, before anyone knows they're pregnant); that's just biology. If people don't value it (or any other lives for that matter), fine, but arguing for abortion on the grounds that it's not a human life or isn't alive yet is just starting with a premise rejected by contemporary embryology.   Edit because this keeps getting downvoted: feel free to keep downvoting, but there's little that should be controversial here. I'm not saying stop abortions; I'm saying that whether or not we consider them "persons," they're individual members of the human species that are alive.
Hi stpeagma. I'm a 42yo adult male and have a basketball player's height. Once I hit my growth spurt life became pretty challenging. It wasn't just that over the course of a few years I went from being a white male to being a *tall* white male, from being cute to not being cute, but I also had a lot of issues with my parents.   At the time I wasn't able to separate these issues and lumped them all onto being abnormally tall. Only now, many years later looking back do I realize there was a clear difference. Being black, a woman, and not cute is a tough one. I'd imagine that the vast majority are looking at the most popular girl in class and wishing they were her. But these are traits you can't do anything about. They will always bring you pain, but that pain will make you a better person. That pain will make you a mensch. For better or worse it's there and you are just going to have to accept it.   My advice to you is to focus on the relationship you have with your parents. I wish I could go back in time and tell 13 year old me to tell them to go f@ck themselves sooner than later. It would have really sped things along. Lol. But my relationship with my parents was actually a much bigger deal, a larger source of pain, and one that I had some power over.   Not that things are great now. But they do get better.
Don't most teens feel that way at some point? especially girls? This too shall pass.
You can love yourself because there is absolutely nothing wrong with you and you are a perfectly made human.
"muh censorship"
This post has been removed. Please repost this without the [RANDOM] tag, as this subreddit does not moderate in accordance with that tag. Posts with misleading tags can lead to confusion by the community regarding moderation standards.   Tags supported are: [Support], [TW], [Trigger Warning], [NSFW], and [IFF]. If your tag was one of these, please [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwoXChromosomes) so we can fix it.   [You can check out our Moderation Policy here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy) Thank you!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TwoXChromosomes) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Start by not hating something that you can't control. Being alive is the best gift regardless of skin tone. I don't know your life and situation but at 13 years old you will have s long time in front of you to come into your own and love everything about you. Stay positive girl. You'll grow into s strong black woman... I am s black male and it breaks my heart to see sisters saying this. Girl black is beautiful and don't you forget it ! :)
Really sorry to hear this happened to you.  I'm shocked that they could keep you and not tend to medical issues, the pregnancy or kidneys! Hope things are better for you now.
&gt; Heck, maybe they've even decided its okay to take advantage of the passed out partner. That is not rape.   Morally you might believe this or you might not but it is absolutely legally rape to have sex with someone who is unconscious or otherwise literally incapable of saying "no" in all 50 states.
I'd suggest that you go protest that you can't film inside of a mall because it's a private business, but you probably don't leave the house very often.
I think a lot of people have the feeling that feminism became a force primarily concerned about shutting down voices they deem to be inappropriate, which i don't get since I think that feminist ideas are good enough to compete with different opinions
What are the police going to do? He didn't break any laws.
I'm three children stacked up inside of a trenchcoat. This was better than R-rated movies and tall people rides put together.
Go to the police? For what? What prosecutable offense did the guy do?     "Hi officer.  This guy may have implied he recorded a video of me on Skype."  "Were you naked"  "Well, no."  "Did he threaten to share it?"  "Well, no"  "What's his name?"  "I don't know."
Did any one in this thread actually listen to the hearing? She embarrassed herself, plain and simple, and made that crook Sessions look better in doing so.
"Hysterical" is cognate with "hysterectomy" -- they both come from the Greek word for uterus.
Friend, first I want to say that I'm sorry you are struggling. I really am. A child is a life-altering event and I wish you and she didn't have to experience it in this way.   That said, I read the messages and I think she is being entirely honest with you about the problems she is having, and what she wants and needs. I know that doesn't make it any easier to hear for you (being in the middle of it as you are), but from an outside perspective: her intentions are crystal clear. She does not feel the same way about the relationship as she did before. Period.  I've read before (and experienced personally) that the one to two year mark is when that "new relationship" excitement begins to die down. The salad days are over, your chemicals are no longer going crazy, and you start to realize whether or not this is actually a person you want to work with as a partner long term. It's a big part of the reason many people are "serial girlfriends/boyfriends." Oftentimes, moving in with someone will also alter your perception of the relationship, for good or ill. It seems to me that she has reached that crossroads (unfortunately for both of you, with a baby involved) and knows the path she wants to take. There is no one thing you did wrong. This is simply the natural progression of (most) relationships.   She is being honest with you that she wants this to hurt as little as possible by not dragging this out. I tell you this as a woman who still feels great regret over having been in her position (though not pregnant) and choosing to artificially prolong the relationship because of my boyfriend's emotional reaction to my honesty ("this isn't working for me anymore"). In my situation, it got worse for both of us, and in yours I truly believe she is trying to spare you that added pain.   You are still reeling from this. It's understandable, especially with a baby involved. But I think what you need to do right now is take her words to heart, take a step back, and try to focus on the relationship you will have to build as co-parents rather than emotional partners. It may be that she will change her mind down the road, but do not count on it. You cannot expect it of her, or of yourself.   Best wishes.
She's part of an investigative committee though.
Damn, that's a lot to go through.  I thought initially I'd sympathize with her but her last few messages kind of struck a bad chord with me. Particularly where she says "You're absolutely fucking right that I d know my cycle and know when I can and can't get pregnant. I'm not an idiot, I wanted this baby, I've always wanted babies"  Is there anyway she was using you for children? That just comes off really...strange to me. Only together for about a year, get pregnant and 3-4 months in she's not into you anymore but more than happy to keep her baby and pregnancy.   Did you guys talk about your future at all, was there a baby talk, was this a plan?  I don't think she's cheating but I do think it may have very well been the honeymoon period and now it's over and she's fine with that and you're (obviously) not.
This is correct. Bras are a trick of engineering and are each designed very differently depending on their purpose.   As someone who has worked in high-end lingerie, I can say there are a variety of European companies who produce very well designed bras for a variety of size ranges and purposes. They are not cheap (think $120+), but last for years with proper care and I've found them to be very comfortable. I know anyone who is outside the realm considered normal by American designers (most women are NOT a 36B), have difficulty finding comfortable bras, because the ones they purchase actually don't fit properly. Go to a proper lingerie store and get fitted - if they bring out a measuring tape leave, that's not how its done!
Care to elaborate?
Those are two different jobs. If you want to be seen as a senator act like a senator. If you want to be seen as a prosecutor, then act like a prosecutor.  A prosecutor presents and "sells" a case to the jury with the intent on winning.  There is no intent to understand......that ship has sailed by the time the court date arrives.  Speaking over anyone who is trying to answer your question is not "doggedness", it's rude. It doesn't hold up in a court of law (sustained, allow the witness to answer the question) and does not move your argument forward in a senate Q&amp;A, it simply shows you are only listening to respond and trying to win an argument as opposed to listening to understand.
Is the police officer getting results?
&gt;So you see, those claiming they see racial or sexual discrimination are mistaken.  The quote you highlighted from the article actually proves the point. Her behavior was not unusual, and yet she gets called 'hysterical' and her line of questioning was interrupted at this hearing and at a previous hearing within the same week. Do you see a problem here?
Eh, it's for the same reason we don't have modular shoes: the pieces all tend to wear down at the same rate, so you'd end up replacing a lot of it all at the same time. Additionally, bras have straps going in all different directions, all of which need to be attached with varying amounts of metal clasps. There are too many single points that could need to be replaced. The average consumer is not going to want to run to the store on a weekend to buy a single bra strap-and-clasp combo, then head home to disassemble their clothing, remove the offending bits, and reassemble the entire thing.  It's easier to just buy two or three new bras here and there and replace the entire thing as needed.
I'm a guy and even I know that ' *if in doubt, test again* '...  Those things are not 100% accurate and you can get a false negative at the best of times, plus if your hormones are all over the place anyway and your cycles are irregular and you have doubt's - it is entirely possible to get a false negative.   Easy problem to solve though! Just re-test ...
Missouri does it again.  Edit: Well shit it's in Michigan lol
No, I spent about 20 seconds thinking about it. All you have to do is read her post, which is obviously quite irrational and indicative of some strange thought processes.
Or it could be we are on a subreddit for women and hence talkin about what women face. I'm not a guy so I don't know what you face nor claim to. You decided I have all these opinions when I clearly don't. I don't know what men go through cause I'm not one, clearly you know exactly what women go through so keep claiming what I feel
This is Us. Better Call Saul.
Meetup groups can be good with that if you have the patience for them.
An unwanted child will have a much worse life. Giving birth to a child that is unwanted or that has little to no support available will ruin your life, the child's life, and the involved male's life if you so choose to involve him. Freedom of choice is important in this matter to insure that all children are raised in the best ways possible.
She wasn't planning on telling him anyway so I don't think she needs his support. She's made that clear by doing that all on her own.  Edit: and as you put it yourself it's a simple medical procedure, nothing to it really.
Because they were raised in drama. I could give you a more complex answer, but that's pretty much it.  Other reason for the specific situation you're sharing, maybe she doesn't know you. You wrote, "Anyone that knows me knows that I will always share my food or whatever I have." Well, maybe she doesn't know you and she was afraid to ask for your food?   Maybe it would have helped for you to communicate that the tray was for all? Put a sign on it. "Help yourself". This spares people from having to annoy you with asking, and it also teaches them what kind of a person you are.   I used to work for a famous organization, the name of which I won't mention, that was just like this. Everyone, from the lower schlubs to the very top, assumed everyone knew everything. The whole G-D place ran on assumptions, not on actual COMMUNICATION. It was a really f-ed up place to work because if you came into a situation and started asking questions, people treated you as if you were a dummy because you didn't know - as if their knowledge, which they acquired from years of working there, was supposed to trickle down to all the new employees vis Extra Sensory Perception and not actual words.   I did not do well there because I was the "dummy" who needed actual WORDS to inform me of stuff. I like procedures and policies. I like structure. I am not comfortable with ESP - it's not reliable.   Anyway, next time, post a frickin' sign by the food telling everyone they can have some. Don't assume people know.
So if she cares about her marriage she better get on birth control? You are out of your damned mind.
That's what I was thinking... "hey let's meet for coffee" type thing.
'something must have gone wrong', wow. What an ass.
If it's four times, the same guy, and he's purposefully moving around the tram to get to you, then that is strange and I can understand why you feel this way.  Perhaps he's simple/has another issue, but that should not equate to staring, strangeness or whatever.  I'd assume poor social skills regardless since he's hardly saying anything to you, so confronting him and saying "don't touch me!" may not be a great plan.  I'd suggest starting a conversation with him on the tram when there are other people there, trying to understand a little better what he's about.  If he's infatuated, say thanks, say you have a boyfriend and make it clear you aren't "available".  If he's genuinely just awkward as fuck, this should let him get the hint rather than you needing to move route.
Had to double check what subreddit I was in...
I've brought bras in the past with removable/interchangeable see-through straps, and they would unhook themselves. I can imagine similar mechanisms for your plan, unless you could find a way to make the hooks more secure.
That's kind of how TwoX is as a default. The comments here already demonstrate the problem.
Mods must be asleep.
What life altering decision? It would change their lives to have a child, having an abortion is a decision not to alter their lives.
Yep. I don't remember when or why I started but I like it.
Ideally Monday to Thursday he should be home for dinner. You shouldn't stay out late drinking if you have to go to work the next day.   And if you want him to take you out, or you want to go out with your friends, you have to bring it up and make it happen.
Let me change it. Someone holds a gun to your head and says: "You will have sex with me, yes?" you respond "yes" and have sex. Is that rape?
It sucks to say but this is absolutely the case. If you decide to keep the baby you can't 100% plan for your SO sticking around. Them saying they supports any decision you make doesn't mean they have to be present for it.  Now they could also totally stick it out and that's be great. However it's always best to plan for worst case scenario. Planning for your SO being there and suddenly them not being there anymore is a whole lot worse than planning for them not being there and that being the case.
Since he already programs as a hobby will the boot camp really offer him anything?
Kids annoy me.  My niece does not.   It's just different when they're close to you or yours a lot of the time.   Everyone hates the sound of crying.   But if his only reason is that other children annoy him, that's not going to go away in the future.   It's going to set back your debt and travel. But once you travel, new places you want to go will pop up. The cycle continues.   If it's not the right time, that's ok too. But it should really be a decision you make together with full honesty. You can the last call, but to avoid future resentment/regret, you need to have a long talk together.
This is my issue. Due to my weigh distribution, weird breast shape, and narrow shoulders even a properly fitted bra is uncomfortable. I dropped $200 on bras recommended by r/abrathatfits and they were all just as uncomfortable as what I'd been wearing previously. I'm back to sports bras because I can move in them, they're relatively supportive, and they're cooler in the summer months.
I always want to but in the moment my brain just doesn't work.
I like this!
Thanks and yeah the following me into that area made me feel soo weird.
Do you live near a planned parenthood?  Also I asked a similar question on r/birthcontrol and got great answers. :) It's a great sub to check out especially when your parents won't help you.
Any pain or negative experiences with it?
You should talk to your doctor and try one out. I had one for 2yrs, hated it. It made things hurt during sex for me and my man.  I'm sure it's not the same for everyone. You won't know until you try.
30G/GG, sometimes 28GG/H. Super squishy, pillowy bags of yellow fat.  I wear wire-free sports bras and wired unlined bras.  I love it when a bra fits, because it means (even if its just for an hour) I'm not popping painkillers, having headaches or immobilized by back pain. But god, it's such a search for finding a correctly fitting bra. 90% of the bras I buy get returned within 1 day and the other 10% get modified for the perfect fit.   I wear bras in my sleep (and a rolled up towel in between breasts) otherwise I wake up in pain. If you need or want a bra, wear it. I'm more frustrated at the lack of knowledge and pricing when it comes to bras. For some people bras are justpretty fabric, just a nice piece of lingerie. Bras are as important to me as having menstrual products so I can live a semi-functioning life.  Do I need to say this? Yes I do need bras for exercise. There's nothing like doing a handstand in yoga class and having your own breasts smack you in your mouth.
Sex isn't always consensual...should all sex be treated like it's rape then? Not everyone operates their vehicle legally...should no one be allowed to drive?  Just because some porn breaks the law does not mean you act like all of it does. And where are you basing that it contributes to anything? How exactly do societies that ban porn compare to ones that don't?
And you deserve to take care of your body!
Living in South Africa, and being Afrikaans, our parents basically use how terrible pregnancy and labour is as birth control 😂😂😂
really? What part? I live in New york and I've never heard someone refer to a group as y'all.
Because their age implies their experience in business, and their time spent working for the company to be much greater than mine? Because their age made it feel harder to be assertive about them not touching me than if they had been my age? Because one of the people who witnessed what they did told me "Ah they're old guys who cant handle their drink, *shrugs* Whatcha gonna do, huh?". Becauae their age *should* imply that they would know better than to grope and restrain a colleague against their will?   And *of course* it matters who did it. This is two guys in a position of power over me, not my direct managers but well placed to make my career prospects take a severe dive.
I didn't realize how uneducated I was myself. This was really eye opening. Thank you for being so open and honest about it.
Have you checked out if you might have pelvic floor dysfunction? It's common enough after childbirth and has a lot to do with the peeing yourself, painful sex issues. I underwent pelvic floor therapy for it and I'm 95% better.
&gt;I argued that it’s both violent and unhealthy and fuels the rape culture and sex slavery here in the US  What are you basing that off of?
Stop. Just stop.  They have names and you should have enough respect for them to use those names.
Learn everything you can and be careful. Also you can buy tons of pregnancy tests and use them whenever you're worried. Even though logically I know I'm careful, just the confirmation makes me feel much better.
No one talks about how hard it is, because then they would be accused of complaining. On the flip side, sometimes when you are newly pregnant you seem to attract all the people who want to talk about their horror stories.  I appreciate how hard it is, but I can't say it was that specifically hard on me.  But there were effects later on, that I felt like I had no right complaining about, so I kept my mouth shut and made excuses and/or hid it. Things that affect me to this day, and my youngest is almost 10 years old.
This!
Whats your top three issues with video and photography?
How many babies have you had? None I'm guessing.
Not smoking.
Reading all these comments I can't help but wonder why anyone would want to have children. I might be speaking from a different view sense both me and my girlfriend are infertile, but just the thought of her going through all this pain and with a high possibility of dieing it's just too much of a risk. I'm very sorry for all that you've suffered along with other people here sharing their stories.
I think it's alot like having pets. Some people just jump in and think about how much fun it will be, and others do intense research for months beforehand.   This is one of the reasons I won't be having kids. The risks are insane, I have a high likelihood of a bedridden high-risk pregnancy, and the thought of the pain and messed up sex life just doesn't work for me.   I'm so glad you are talking about this. I don't get why the production behind creating another life is still taboo, it makes no sense.   Good luck with your baby, and yourself.
Well, you have to eat more because as well as keeping yourself maintained as usual, you need extra energy to help a tiny speck grow into a newborn baby. Calculating exactly how much extra you need to eat isn't an exact science, so women usually eat more rather than less of what's necessary. But pregnancy doesn't make you fat.
That's how I see it. Maybe I just tell him it is this years hot new show and leave it at that.
I get why texting works for you.   This could be my age showing (39) but nothing beats an actual call or fade to face meetup to build friendships.
Sounds like a plan to me. Enjoy!
I knew that I already didn't want children knowing some of the things it can do to your body and mind, but my goodness after reading this I REALLY don't want children. It's pretty frustrating and annoying hearing from people saying "Oh you'll change your mind, you'll want kids" or "You'll regret not having kids", like NO I do not want kids, ever, I'll stick with taking care of pets thank you.
It sounds silly, but I learned so much from online forums (thebump dot com) before getting pregnant.   I considered myself well educated beforehand, but I was sorely mistaken!  I learned so much about ovulation, pregnancy,  birth and the post partum experience. It was so incredibly helpful.
I have chosen not to have kids for several reasons, including not wanting to go through the experience my mom had when she gave birth to me.  I heard about the nightmares and lingering injury my entire life, and it was truly awful for her and other mothers I've spoken with.  Now, as an adult, I've had the chance to witness many births, and some are horrible, but many, many are just fine.  Many more go smoothly than are horrible.  Most are over in 4-6 hours with a stitch or two or none.  Most of the women have epidurals and go home the next day.  Yes, it can be terrible, but it doesn't have to be, and it's usually not.  It's true there are some things women can do to decrease their chances of a bad birth, but the scary part is that there is luck involved and not everything is under anyone's control.  It's too late for me, but if I were to do it all over knowing what I do now, I'd be more willing to take a chance on going through with pregnancy and birth.
Flintstones Complete! Chewable, have iron and folate
When using vitamins make sure its the kind that will actually absorb when you take them. I've ran into that issue with calcium before so I'm not sure if it's a similar concept. Drink plenty of water to make those minerals absorb and do their job, and take it after eating not before.
Ask your husband how he feels. I doubt he'd be comfortable with you getting "coffee" with a pervious affair partner to "catch up". What do you have to catch up about that's more important than trust in your marriage?
I hope you will consider that what is known beyond question is that children do best when their parent or parents can create a supportive environment that provides for their material and emotional needs. Families of all sorts can produce happy, healthy, well adjusted children, but it's all the harder when necessary resources are withheld and those parents are forced to fight battles just for recognition.
You think they are against them, even when they are being heroic and helpful?
Was just going to post something similar. Removing a mass is a lot more work then popping in an implant
Cowgirls don't cry. Love this story.
This screamed Minnesotan to me lol.  I'm glad you still do these things with you dad. My dad taught my how to fish and everything. He always brought me with when I asked, even though he knew I would get bored relatively quickly.  He was a good dude.
Why would you think this behaviour arises?   As a guy growing up with more girls as friends, I have noticed this many times, the levels of cruelty girls had towards other girls never ceased to baffle me, even worse how little others cared about it, and how normal, and frequent, it all was.
I said the same thing in another thread! I hate this whole "having a baby ruins your body" mentality. It just isn't true. My body looks exactly the same. Boobs look the same. No stretch marks. Vagina is still great lol  Honestly, this whole "ruined after pregnancy/birth" nonsense is not doing anyone any favors.
I'm afraid it's you who need a better understanding, especially if you really are a paralegal. So let me be clear:  In most states, a person is only legally considered incapable of consenting if they’re literally passed out and unconscious as the result of drinking or using drugs.  There is a reason for this.  OP may have initiated sexual contact. You don't know and neither does she. That's the whole point.  As she stated, she gets "flirty" when drunk. It's not up to the recipient of a sexual advances to have a breathalyzer on hand.  And even if she wasn't an initiator, she may have been an eager and receptive participant. Again--she doesn't know, and neither do we!  Whether or not a sexual encounter is rape is not based on regret the next morning or whether you remember the encounter. It's based on whether there was consent at the time the sex took place.   Alcohol effects everyone differently. There are many people who act perfectly rational and may even appear sober when they're on the verge of alcohol poisoning.  To summarize:  1) She may have initiated. It's not up to the boys to tell her, "No, you're too drunk." (Although that would've been smart, I'm guessing they were drunk, too)  2) She may have consented. Courts have upheld that even if somebody doesn't remember consent, consent is possible. After all, you consent to many things when intoxicated. That doesn't preclude you from making decisions--or being responsible for those decisions.  To declare these boys guilty of rape without additional facts is absurd.
As a whole, I don't agree it should all like with one partner. However, if she has a mental block with him asking, it might be a way for her to try to work past it. She says she wants sex, but doesn't like it when he asks. It's not a permanent solution, but it might be a way to try to work past whatever her mind has that is against him asking. Just something different to try out to see if it helps anything.
I've seen those machines in so many bathrooms, not a single one was stocked and they probably haven't been for years.
I gave a man the middle finger once when he shouted something nasty at me, but I think that just made him like me more, because he laughed and said, "Yep, that's the one that I want!" That backfired quickly...
No idea why. Drives me crazy. I'M LITERALLY THROWING MONEY AT YOU!
I will!  And I'll definitely be the one thrown under the bus. He has made mistakes before - many mistakes - that while he has gotten the rap for them, I have had to personally correct them.
People are idiot. Alcohol is poison and your body takes time to recover and expel it. One solution is to accept a drink of wine but never drink it, so they don't add more in it but still feel you are drinking with them. You can also fake driking. BUT you may also say you want something else like a fruit juice. Then you can leave without drinking.   Just show you don't care. Get a beer but drink something else. let it lie somewhere. They don't really care about what you drink actually.
This is such a good story, thank you for sharing! I expected something else but was humbly surprised.
We should all strive to be like /u/carlinha1289's dad!
We're damned if we do and damned if we don't. Basically, if we didn't want to be raped or harassed, we wouldn't go outside without our fathers or husbands. And it's not rape when they rape us. I'd also like to ask these "just ignore it" dudes if they ever holler at women, what inspires them to do it. We all know that we don't expect a woman to turn around and hand the dude her digits, so why?
If you had to ask, then yes he is. From what you say, yes he is using you. Please end this and ask him to leave before you are ripped off any further and get your feelings hurt even more. I agree that the feelings of "love" that you have are just brain chemicals messing with your head. You deserve someone who treats you much better than him.
You are a fashion victim. I'm sorry :(
I can relate. I also have no female friends but a few male ones thanks to the few social hobbies I have being mostly male dominated (i.e. tabletop games) and living in a very small town with my boyfriend. Although I value our relationship very much, he simply doesn't get the envy I feel when I see girl friends out in public. My not so secret fear is that we will one day be engaged to be married and I will not have a single close female friend to be a bridesmaid. I have some from school, but at 24 we have all left our hometown and only keep in touch sporadically. It sucks.
Thank you for sharing your story. Its an inspiration to others to hear what a valiant fight you put up every day. Don't ever stop. Keep moving forward with your therapy and don't hesitate to change meds or adjust dosage if that helps. I know that can be a long and frustrating process in itself. I also know there are lots of emotionally unhealthy people in the world and dealing with them in a healthy way can be a real challenge. We can get intertwined, tangled up and end up hurt if we aren't careful. But keep fighting and please keep sharing your story. Honestly other people need to hear you speak this. There are tons of hurting people out there and hearing someone else's story can be healing. God bless. May you be encouraged in your fight. May you have many days ahead full of joy, peace and happiness.
Yes our religion is against your hedonism. We don't think that sex is just something any two random people do to say hi in a bar. We believe it should be within a marriage for the purpose of conception.  That's not misogynist, that's called having morals and values.  And if you don't like it, you can always find one of the 50 or so "liberal" protestant churches, I'm sure they'd be fine with you going around having sex for pleasure.
Everyone owns their own concept of Morality... \\
I have thought of the names and ages of my would be children a lot. I never carried them and don't understand what you're going through. I only know it still affects me even if I never regret the choices my partners made. I wish I had advice but I'm rooting for you.
My mom died recently too. The best things I will tell you is that when you see her in your dreams, even if you realize its a dream.... just let it go because its really neat.
You obviously aren't the brightest
Does it really matter how viewership is higher?  The fact is that the Women's US Soccer team draws more attention than the US Male Soccer team, and they get paid less.  As for pay, they aren't paid by FIFA, they are paid by the US Soccer Federation or whatever it is called.
Yes. You are being used. Don't worry about him being "the love of your life". I have had three of those. There will be others for you.
Thank you for your very detailed response. It's helped to relieve some of the anxiety! Not all, but hey I'll take what I can get at this point.
Next on the agenda: Driving a car, swimming in public, supporting women competing in sports..
I'm saudi female i live in Riyadh . I don't belive this is real .
The way not all criticism of Islam itself is hateful.
Most countries gave women this right since literally forever; this isn't gay marriage, it's women being able to leave their house.
You sure?
Where did you get your list of salaries from?
That's completely different. Sometimes I get kids who say things like, "People call me Bob instead of Robert because it's just easier." But in some cases I can tell they don't like it, so I always ask them what they prefer. If a student has an unusual name and makes it clear that's what they prefer, I ALWAYS respect their preferences.
Next on the agenda: Driving a car, swimming in public, supporting women competing in sports..
I prefer our laws over theirs.  But as far as "culture" is concerned, I bet they'll say the same with equal condescension.
Sure. But that's irrelevant here.
Interesting. I am leaning towards planned C-section as I would prefer to avoid tearing (among many, many other reasons).
Be an adult, or break it off whatever just don't go wandering once you made a commitment.
If this lust is the only issue, I'd consider therapy. I wouldn't throw away a loving happy relationship because your hormones are acting up like a 16 year old. There are far more important things in life. Lust is just on the surface, love in farther than skin deep. After lust is gone, you have nothing. Whereas with love, it prevails. This is a 5+ year relationship and you are madly in love. No, I wouldn't walk away because you are having fantasies. Sexual experiences is not worth it, IMO. Therapy, asap, is what I suggest.   EDIT: But at the end of the day, it is your choice. You have to make it. If you walk away, sure you can have sex with lots of people, but you may lack love and connection. Either decision, see a therapist.
You keep using these semantics. My point is it doesn't matter why they've *decided* to kill. If I shot someone in self-defense, that blood would still be on my hands, only it would be justified.  Is that your argument? That you're fine with murdering babies as long as its justified?   What about [Debbie Goad](https://youtu.be/_L_i9jb1EdQ?t=5m51s), infamous zine publisher?  She literally admits to getting abortions for no reason other than she wants to kill them. And yet, according to you, because it was an abortion... *it still wasn't murder*!
He has no reason that he wants to tell you. His reason is obvious. He wanted sexual stimulation from women who were not you, and a lot of them.  I don't know why you are curious, his reasons are obvious.  He wants multiple women, you want to be his only woman. You two are totally incompatible.
Let's look at this another way: do you think race is relevant in, say, the Tamir Rice case?   The fact is that in real life, sometimes, people don't do their job because of their biases. In this case, we have a shooter who can be inferred to have political beliefs that are likely closer to, or at least more beneficial to, officers like the one involved than the politicians he was attacking. That simple fact has turned what should be expected of an officer in that post into a profound statement on rule of law and faith in the system during a particularly divided time for the country.   Saying her sexuality isn't relevant to what she did is like saying the faith of that Imam in the UK who protected the guy who attacked his mosque wasn't relevant. We should always celebrate when people do what they're supposed to do, but we should celebrate it even more when something makes it harder to want to do.
Thanks for the wishes.  The sadness has faded now but I expect it to come back again when I am an old lady and am sad for not having any kids.  I think a paper lantern would be fine. I can't remember what I did with my letter, whether I burned it or buried it or if it is hanging around somewhere.  Its nice to think your baby's soul will come back to you when the time is right.
Framing your picture sounds really nice.
Thank you so much for telling me what I needed to know.  Thank you.
Its beautiful how he came through for you and you are closer than ever.
I'm sorry, you're the one changing the "goalposts".  I have explained to you how it is not Murder, your original post. I answered it with sources. Now you're trying to use emotional statements to try to force an opinion as fact. It is not a fact.  A fact is that a fetus cannot survive on it's own, cut the umbilical cord or remove the placenta and it stops growing, it dies. There is no way around it. If it has developed enough to survive in a NICU and does not have severe health abnormalities, it is born through either induced labor or C-section, and this is sometimes done even if a woman doesn't want to undergo an abortion, but it puts the mother at risk if there is a medical problem, even with just the pregnancy. A late term abortion is ONLY ever done in a case of medical necessity, I'm sorry you cannot understand this.  I have no idea who that woman is, and she has nothing to do with the conversation.  An abortion *is not murder*.  Please do medical research.
And for some people that anxiety passes after an uneventful exam. For others it persists, and for yet others it's related to the actual cause of penetration difficulties. Working up the nerve to try it once without meds could help op narrow down the source of the problem faster, so it's worth advocating. If she can't bring herself to do it even knowing that, then I'm sure there are pharmacological options. I wouldn't be surprised if a doctor offered a benzo instead of nitrous, myself, though.
Thankyou for your prayers... my suicidal thoughts come and go, usually they are worse in the mornings. I've never been religious, but i have found solace in prayers, even if they are just for me, to me. X
&gt;Right back at you sunshine.  Yeah, this has basically been your entire come back game from the start. "No you!"   &gt;You started sounding lime a broken record long before that happened.  The only time I have repeated myself is when I had to respond to you just copy pasting all of your previous insults and then changing one or two words. I'm not the one who started the "your wrong but are two dumb to notice". That was you. And then you just basically said that same thing over and over and over again with slight differences each time.
i went through the same thing but with added pain in my ovaries, long and heavy periods, and cystic acne. i went to my gyno and they diagnosed me with PCOS. i highly recommend you go get it checked out if it's really bothering you! once you find the reason for it, it'll be easier to treat!
That is an excellent comment.
I don't know this individual so i can't say for sure,but judging from the description of events it sounds like textbook head games behaviour. Especially the "i am upset and don't want to talk about it" part.Sounds like you made the healthy decision to me.Good on ya mate.
I carry tear gas mace and a handheld taser. Both fit well in my purse and are small enough to carry in hand without them being obvious!
Vaginal. My mom had one of each and said it was just stunning how much shorter the recovery time is on vaginal vs c section
Do you have some studies handy?  I'd like to get educated.  The most current study I found regarding "dormancy" was 2014 and said the opposite.  Edit:[American Cancer Society](https://www.cancer.org/cancer/cancer-causes/infectious-agents/hpv/hpv-and-cancer-info.html) &gt;Most HPV types cause warts on skin of the arms, chest, hands, and feet. Other types are found only on the body’s mucous membranes. Mucous membranes are the moist surface layers that line organs and parts of the body that open to the outside, such as the vagina, anus, mouth, and throat. **The HPV types found on mucous membranes do not live on the skin**. They’re sometimes called genital HPV. Here, we are talking about genital HPV. Genital HPV is not the same as HIV or herpes.   Edit 2: [Angelika Iftner, Stefanie J. Klug, Claus Garbe, Andreas Blum, Alice Stancu, Sharon P. Wilczynski and Thomas Iftner DOI:  Published November 2003](http://cancerres.aacrjournals.org/content/63/21/7515.short) &gt;This is supported by statistical analysis, where after adjusting for age, gender, and sun exposure, the odds ratio for nonmelanoma skin cancer in patients who were **DNA positive for the high-risk mucosal HPV types, 16, 31, 35, and 51 was 59 (95% confidence interval, 5.4–645) with normal skin as controls**. These findings suggest that persistent infections of the skin with high risk genital HPV types recently identified as significant risk factors for cervical cancer may also represent a risk factor for nonmelanoma skin cancer in a nonimmunosuppressed population.  HPV 16 notably being the most common high risk HPV. This study is from 2003. I have not yet found any follow-up/repeat studies nor did I find the peer review on this particular journal. So I searched "scholarly articles HPV skin cancer" hoping to find a follow-up study and found this one:  Edit 3:[Virology Journal20129:309 DOI: 10.1186/1743-422X-9-309©  Zakrzewska et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. 2012 Received: 12 March 2012Accepted: 7 December 2012Published: 17 December 2012 ](http://virologyj.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1743-422X-9-309)  Results &gt;**All biopsies were negative for mucosal/genital HPV types.** Overall, beta-HPV DNA was detected more often in SCC compared to BCC patients (78% vs 55% of total samples).  ...Further studies aimed to compare the biological activity of viral types in tumours and in healthy skin (viral replication and expression, interference of infection with cellular functions) are necessary to understand the role of HPV infection in skin cancer.  So at least I can see that it is of interest. I'd love to see more if you have some.  Edit 3: [**Papillomaviruses can roughly be divided into two tropism groups, those infecting the skin, including the genus beta PVs, and those infecting the mucosa, predominantly genus alpha PVs.** The L1 capsid protein determines the phylogenetic separation between beta types and alpha types and the L1 protein is most probably responsible for the first interaction with the cell surface](https://virologyj.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1743-422X-5-118)  Edit 4: Wow, this is a pretty thorough classification of papillomaviruses in general and seems to support the hypothesis that they are fairly distinctly segregated by environment with mucosal epithelium defining what we typically call sexually transmitted or genital (although infecting other mucosal epithelium). Quite specific about the mucosal epithelium though: [Classification of papillomaviruses Ethel-Michele de Villiers, a Claude Fauquet,b Thomas R. Broker, c Hans-Ulrich Bernard,d,* and Harald zur Hausena a Reference Center for Papillomaviruses, Division for the Characterization of Tumorviruses, Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany b ILTAB, Danforth Plant Science Center, St. Louis, MO 63132, USA c Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35294-0005, USA dDepartment of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, University of California, Irvine, CA 92697-3900, USA Received 2 February 2004; returned to author for revision 9 March 2004; accepted 24 March 2004](http://www.hu.ufsc.br/projeto_hpv/Classification%20of%20papillomaviruses.pdf)
i'm feeling the same way plus i'm taking anti depressants, anti anxiety, and have pcos. it's a nightmare and i feel so bad for my partner.
This is really tough, I mean people do change. Life experiences shape us differently than we may have expected. Certainly the loss of your father has to be playing a big part in what you are experiencing. Is it just you and your mom now? You may be feeling just the sorts of feelings that come with loss and life changes.   I don't mean to trivialize the decision to have an abortion, but like you said, you will have an answer in a few days when you take a test. Maybe your gut will give you an answer one way or the other when you look at results.   Hope it works out for the best!
Yes anything can be used negatively but in this case the term be a man means that you should act in a more manly sense. This manliness enforces the gender role of males being strong and manly. I honestly hated it when my dad told me to man up or be a man because there are way more different types of men than the stereotypical tough guy that can make it through anything. Saying be a man is telling someone to be that stereotypical tough guy.
Hey people voted for them... and those people in agreement with this course don't blame politicians.
It's hard to say the risks, but it isn't zero. Personally, I would take a plan B. It will mess with your body, but so will a baby. I would also get tested for STIs. The other option is a copper IUD. It can be inserted up to 5(?) days after an accident for emergency contraceptive. Your almost month long periods are worrying though as the copper IUD is said to make periods heavier/longer.
would take around 5 more years... but I like how you're thinking ;)
Yep, especially when women take that attitude.  If they did any serious research into how things really were for women before we were able to get legal access to both abortion and birth control, and before we were legally able to vote, women with conservative views might realize the past (50 years ago and further back) was NOT good for women at all.  Why they or any woman would want to bring back those dark times for us is beyond me.
I'd say you definitely did the right thing by going the distance. Being physically away from him is definitely good when he sometimes has outbursts like that. However, I'd consider those outbursts to be a sign of mental illness - something he needs help with in the form of therapy. Of course it'd be perfectly acceptable if you never contacted him again, however, if you do, you might want to try to convince him that he needs professional help. If he is as sweet and kind hearted as you described, I'm sure he'd agree. Apart from that, as the others have said, I also hope you find a non abusive relationship that you are happy in.
Good job of self aware self care.
Low risk. The oxygen exposure alone does not kill the sperm. As sperm can survive up to 3 days if it is still in the seminal fluid. However, Id conjure that whatever sperm was on his penis you probably killed it while giving him a hand jog. The vigorous or general rubbing of his penis might have affected the sperm.   Overall the chances of getting pregnant generally is less than 50% for most women. So you have just lessened your odds to about 15%.   My main concern would be an std or sti. Since at some point his penis was not in a condom and you can in contact with it. It's possible you could have become infected with something he had. So I'd pay attention to changes in your health.
&gt;I also am paying this through my bank account that my conservative parents have access to, so if they decide to look at my purchases and this huge charge at planned parenthood I'm screwed.  Go open a bank account in your own name now, transfer about $800 into it. That's at least one thing you won't need to worry about
I've seen this bill pop up a few times on here. After reading the bill, I didn't see the section that allowed firing for being onbirth control. Could someone point out that section of the bill to me? Otherwise it looks like an overzealous headline.
My mom is currently undergoing chemo for ovarian cancer. Had she gone to the gyno last year they would have caught it. Instead they removed one grapefruit sized, and one orange sized ovary from her. It takes like five minutes, get fucking tested.
Stop making everything about men! /s
My step daughter went to planned parenthood, they told her there were two. The clinic has an obligation to be sure you are fully informed. However they do not refer to them as babies, they call them pregnancies. When they do the confirmation ultrasound they point out the "pregnancy". That being said, I agree with previous comments, you left, you have doubt, personally I think the second guessing yourself is an indication that following through with the abortion would cause you tremendous emotional issues. Kids aren't cheap, but if you have love, can clothe and feed them, and keep a roof over their heads they'll be fine and so will you. My kids didn't grow up with all the new gadgets, but our bills were paid and they were happy children.
Is it sexist? No, is it problematic? Absolutely. I really feel like people need to treat all doctors as genderless regardless of circumstances, if they are making you uncomfortable that is one thing, but discomfort by gender alone is certainly bad, even if it isn't necessarily "Sexist". Maybe because I'm in the medical field, but even when I was younger I didn't particularly care if it was a male or female doctor touching my genitals(male btw).   I have posted about this before, but straight up in the US we are about to have(or have already) a shortage of OB/GYNs, partially because right now, many men are opting out of that specialty because more and more women prefer women OB/GYNs, the issue is there simply will not be enough total to treat all the patients.   I think, functionally, we really need to advocate for people to treat medical procedures as strictly medical. At a certain point, you really can't be that choosy, maybe right now you can decide your OB/GYN, but if you are in a geriatric or mental health facility, you aren't going to be able to ensure the gender of the nurse tasked with rotating, cleaning(yes genitals as well), cathing you, etc. At a certain point, it's an inevitability, so I think it's best to get over it as quickly as possible, because right now we are seeing that this preference will have a negative effect on all women's health.
I look at the people in makeupaddiction and marvel at their talents and dedication to helping others. And watching people learn? Make up is just another place for people to support each other and socialize.   My mom was super anti makeup when I was growing up because it was part of her brand of feminism, but I always saw it as self expression so I kinda get my hackles up a bit.
&gt;Then why do we end up sending out so many pathology reports for warts on people's hands/faces/buttcheeks/etc. with diagnoses of HPV 6 or 11, the strains commonly associated with genital warts?  Your response to me was that you "work in a lab" and so I should believe you.  Well if you are putting yourself forth as an expert, then you should be able to answer your own question without feeling put-out or over taxed.  All I have, as a presumably non-expert, is your word as an expert (appeal to authority), that you've seen something that proves your point (anecdotal evidence).  I'm just trying to understand the evidence because I'm not going to go on from here and be happy with "I heard it from someone who says s/he works in a lab that this thing can happen based on this thing s/he says s/he witnessed".  Would you be happy with that? I wouldn't.  I don't work in a lab and I don't know what it means that you're finding "genital" HPV DNA (I presume), in samples from non-genital warts.  Are they just there because they happen to be present on the skin or are they "infecting" the skin?  An infection is different than a presence.  Are there one or two cross-overs?  From what I've found, including a paper that was published yesterday, the clades are distinctly different.
How would you have preferred they worded the headline?  Because it reads pretty dang accurate to me.  edit: also, fyi, there isn't a way to paint the issue in the "right" light.
*Yelling turned to screaming, screaming turned into flipping tables over,     *After he’d have these outbursts of anger he would feel terrible and be kind     *He punched a hole in my door then came over to where I was sitting     *He ripped the door off the closet and it fell in front of me on the bed. He got in my face, said “are you scared?”     *he next day he was back to being incredibly sweet     *He cried and apologized and tried to get me to change my mind       *I miss having him here. I miss him being in life.   It sounds like a textbook example.   [Warning Signs of a Domestic Abuser](http://www.hiddenhurt.co.uk/warning_signs.html)  Your EX-boyfriend  behaves like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde.     Very rarely do abusers conform to the stereotypical image of a constantly harsh, nasty or violent person, either in public or in private. More frequently the abuser portrays a perfectly normal and pleasant picture to the outside world (often they have responsible jobs or are respected and important members of the local community or Church) and reserves the abuse for you in the privacy of your own home. Nor are abusers always overtly abusive or cruel, but can display apparent kindness and consideration. This Jeckyll and Hyde tendency of the abuser serves to further confuse the victim, while protecting themselves from any form of suspicion from outsiders. Many victims describe "sudden" changes in mood - one minute nice and the next explosive or hysterical, or one minute happy and the next minute sad. This does not indicate some special "mental problem" but are typical of abusive personalities, and related to other characteristics such as hypersensitivity.
Ok so not a city but a small town, that is believable. In my experience there is no city in the world where majority of women aren't wearing some form of makeup I.e. Highlighting, mascara, eyebrow pencils or something. Anything not natural to your own body to "highlight" your features is considered makeup
Cool, takes more energy to lift it. So I guess she should be the one to lift it back up.   Except that's not even what's up for debate. It's that women shouldn't even have to put it down and men should have to both lift...and put it down...doing all of the work. For an issue they are already fine lifting the seat up and not demanding people do things for them.
&gt; It's like certain doctors think the risk is higher than others.  This is science in action.  There is no 'correct' answer, just the best guesses by doctors from the literature they have read.  One will say yearly, one will say decadely and cancer groups will echo what is the general opinion.
To waste the doctors time and take an appointment that someone else could have used that day?  Ask over the phone and save everyone the hassle.
Good - bills should written to be as gender/sex neutral as possible.
To be fair I'm sure there's some people here who think it's more okay if it happens to just women. Lots of folks from redpill about so can't blame ya.
Getting a pap test done is not the same as getting bloodwork done. There would be a medical reason to get bloodwork done to fill a prescription, there is no medical reason to get a yearly pap when you're low risk.
She worked in counterintelligence... She probably just died doing some menial thing...
I'm sorry but i will decline. If the doctor cancels my appointment i will find a new doctor then.
Have you tried Accutane? I've never taken it but I've heard it's crazy effective.
Ahahaha, I'm actually somewhat of an early riser, I can shower and relax with a tv show or minecraft or whatever before work.  I also tend to arrive to work early &gt;.&gt;
&gt; I lost all of our mutual friends when I finally told them (6 months after the fact) because they either didn't believe me, or thought it was my fault that things escalated to that point.
I only really wear make up for special occasions, and even then it's nothing fancy - foundation, eyeshadow, blush, lipstick, and maaaybe some mascara. I do kind of wish I could wear it more often and find different styles and colours that suit me, because I find the art of make up fascinating. Buuuut I don't have the money to spend on the stuff people often use nowadays.
If you dig down to the bare bones of psychology, humans are hard wired to shun the ones that don't assimilate into the herd, be it physical appearance or otherwise. Back in the caveman days you wanted your partner to be as perfect as possible so your offspring would be perfect as possible. Now that we don't need to kill mastodon, our hunting prowess isn't a defining feature in a desirable mate, but our caveman brains still try to make us think so.
History books will note that his only administrative goal is to try to erase all the achievements of the country's first black president.
You do you boo!    Slightly jealous I can't make money that easy though 😂
OP here.  You're right that increased public consciousness will affect the dating pool, but there will always be a good amount of monogamous people. It's one of those things where you think you're the minority because you're hearing people talk about it where they never did before. So the amount you're hearing it has increased, but poly is still the minority.  Look at how many people on this thread have answered poly questions without being poly themselves.  And remember, you don't have to get into any relationship that you don't want to.  Other people being poly will not force you to be mono. Just have that open communication up front "I'm mono, and I am not looking to share."  You'll find a ton.
IIRC they have at home hair dye stripping kits in the same aisle as the dye.
That's a good question...personally I never use sir/madam. Some people can pull off "dear" but I feel like if I said it it'd sound weirdly affectionate. I think there are ways to construct sentences that sound formal but don't use sir/madam but I cant' think of a really gender neutral term other than dear.
I think of it as two different issues. Usually, when an abortion is done, it is either to save the mother's life or it is something that the family chose. This means that the abortion is something that either the family would get to know as necessary or they already know it is going to happen. A murder, however, is unexpected. A murder is unnecessary. The fetus would have later been a living, breathing human being, however, it was robbed of that. We don't know if that fetus is wanted or not, but either way it was robbed of a life.
Maybe I'm not understanding correctly. Wouldn't body autonomy as a right only apply to the fetus if it were determined to be a human being?
Erm, what? Think about what you said for a second.  If a man tells a woman, you have had too many sexual partners for me to feel comfortable with, and therefore I am not interested in pursuing a relationship with you, they are sexist.  But this only goes one way right? If a woman tells a man that the man has had too many sexual partners for her to feel comfortable with then she isn't being sexist, right?  I'm just checking. Not trolling, just noting your language usage and, in my opinion, logical fallacy.
That's what I'm kinda trying to get at.  Seems like the feminist movement would be a lot more successful if they stopped pretending like all women were on board with everything like abortion and addressed the fact that they don't have strong female support either.
And a lot bleach, wax and shave or go 'Naturel'. The question is when a Transgender sweeps the womens Olympics what the reaction will be then?
Yeah, you are a fake.  Way to take away those men's agency. I wonder if this falls under rape by deception?
Fuck yeah, get some! Fuck cancer!
GET FUCKING REKT, CANCER!
Wow you are a fighter! Congratulations!
they would probably get banned because of the substances they are taking, the Olympics has very strict rules.
Congrats to you!!! Yay
~~Hey I don't doubt that there may be some nefarious reasons for this,~~ but let me shed a little light on fetal death certificates.   All death certificates double as a census, and fetal ones are no different.  It's a way to track reasons *why* people miscarry, and to track birth defect trends.  To maybe find solutions and to take preventative measures in the future.  Sometimes they play a roll in investigations - like someone who went into spontaneous labor at home or did a home delivery and they suspect foul play or want to know *why* the baby died.  Was the mother in a bad situation? Was medical treatment withheld? Or was this a horrible accident?  Stuff like that.   Source: Am Funeral Director. I deal in death certificates all the time.  There's even a rhyme so you know which one to file "If they take a breath it's a regular death"  Edit: I don't know why that article says Florida will be the first state, bc that's utter horseshit.  Like I said, I've been doing these for at least 5 years (since I got licensed)  Edit 2: From the actual article - &gt;The bill was worded in a way to ensure it wouldn't spark a partisan argument over whether the state was trying to define life. "This has nothing to do with personhood," said Democratic Sen. Lauren Book, who said she received calls from people concerned about the bill. "It rather gives families that are grieving during a very difficult time some closure."
Congratulations!!! Thrilled for you
I was in your position a year ago. I felt really uncomfortable about my sexuality (I'm bisexual) and had no confidence in dating people. Fast forward one year later and I have met someone who is amazing and makes me comfortable with myself. I've been dating him for a couple of months now and it's going great.   I think you need to overcome that barrier with being unexperienced. Try to hang out with guys casually. Start to date people. After you've had your first experience you'll more comfortable in yourself.
My mother died from cancer 2 years ago. This is a big fuck you to cancer and makes me happy!
No, they're biased in favor of the child you're ignoring
It's not about the mother
If you want to do fertility awareness methods, get the book Taking Charge of Your Fertility and read it carefully. An app could be an aid to you, but you should make your own charts and understand exactly what is happening with your cycle and why before you rely on an app.   I did fertility awareness successfully for several years. One of my problems was that checking temperatures never worked for me. I had to rely on other signs like checking cervical mucus every day. I also had irregular periods at times, which made it all harder. You can't ever take chances, and if you're ever not sure, then you have assume that you're fertile at that moment. If you're also planning on using condoms that helps greatly, and maybe also do withdrawal when you're fertile just in case a condom breaks.
Women aren't the ones in power though
Just your run of the mill sexual comments about a male's body, his looks, his muscles, and what they'd do to him. I'm just surprised with how there is no shame about it. But remember, there are 95% women around, so in this instance, they are the same as males. Some are saying inappropriate things, others are laughing about it, and some are ignoring it. I'm sure this goes on in the tech industry all over the place, with men as the ones doing this.
Yep, this same thing happened to me! So frustrating! My dad came with me for support, we walked in and I told the salesman what I was looking for and he only responded to my dad even after I told him I'd be purchasing the car. Needless to say I did not buy the car because that does not fly with me.
I also read that on reddit a while back, but the point OP was trying to make still stands.
they would already be for it though in that case. All this law does is make it so later they can go  "well we give them funerals, obviously that means they are alive and you were okay with that so we're banning it completely because murder"
You're talking about the world we want to build, not the one we have
Legally it's within your rights to walk up to fat people and mock them provided you are on public property, not blocking their way, etc.  That is a free speech matter, which is a different story.  And yes, his first attempt at 'hi' would have been fine if he was reading signals correctly.  I bet she wouldn't have even been too angry if he disappeared as soon as she showed disinterest.  Guys throwing out an insult because they were rejected is a huge reason why more casual flirting is not so casual for girls.  From her point of view, a rejection can lead to retaliation.  Many more guys would be getting laid if they didn't put so many girls on edge.
someone else here mentioned that the bill explicitly forbids research..
This is the book I gave my teens, funny, short, precise, accurate, and surprisingly comprehensive.  https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/sex-nikol-hasler/1102540771
Here's what the ACLU of Maine has to say:  &gt;The ACLU of Maine has recently faced criticism for our opposition to LD 745, which would create multiple new felony penalties for the practice of female genital mutilation (FGM). Much of this criticism has erroneously stated that we oppose laws making FGM illegal.  We wish to reiterate that we do not support the practice of FGM, and that we are not calling for the legalization of this practice. In fact, FGM is already illegal under both Maine and federal law. We do not oppose those laws. What we oppose are attempts to address societal problems by increasing the criminal justice response, when this has not proven effective and could in fact be counter-productive.  If we have learned anything from the 40-year-long “war on drugs,” it is that harsher penalties are rarely the best way to curb dangerous behavior. Rather, they have the effect of driving the behavior underground, and making it harder for those affected by the practice to get the help they need.  In the case of LD 745, the severity of the proposed new penalties could have the effect of tearing families apart. Parents and children could be less willing to come forward, given the potential for such severe results.  For nearly a decade, the ACLU has supported laws aimed at protecting the rights and safety of women and girls.  This includes laws condemning the practice of FGM. Our opposition to LD 745 does not change that. We remain committed to working with our partners who advocate for the rights of women and girls, and those in Maine’s immigrant communities, to find evidence-based solutions that will truly protect these vulnerable populations.
&gt;Someone who has been with 7 partners safely can be completely clean... While someone who has literally had one sexual partner can have an std.  but statistically speaking, the person with 7 is far more likely
After a long day I'd love a hot bath with bath salts and candles and a foot massage while in it and a soft robe to get into and a warm house to be comfortable.
Wow temptation shouldn't matter if you're in a marriage. A real adult would rise through that temptation and think about how acting out on them would effect his life and the people he chose to keep in his life. I think it's a poor excuse for people to cheat and there is absolutely no way I would take anymore crap for that guy. Sounds like he's a bum and using his poor life choices to make you feel bad for him. Disgusting.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess this couple is under 30.   I'm betting the "husbandl's mental age is 18
A five day bachelor party, when he's unemployed?
A loving father and husband doesn't allow his 7 month pregnant and wife to fullfil the roles of breadwinner, parent and house keeper while doing sweet fuck all
Valid points but that situation is different than what OP is describing as of now. Your parents were miserable while OP was generally fine until discovering this (I say generally as we don't know the full details about the husband and his job search, maybe he has been working hard). This episode could definitely make things miserable going forward though, but that is yet to be seen. Just saying this isn't directly comparable to your parents at the moment.
Cheaters gonna cheat. He broke trust. Leave now.
Don't want to sound to dumb, but I am an android user, I am confused how you saw the messages he as getting?
I'm so happy to hear that you're not letting the negativity get to you!! Seriously that takes a lot of courage to keep coming back, even after experiencing that. Those girls must have a pretty pathetic sense of humor. What's funny about someone going to work out at the gym? People come in all shapes and sizes, why are larger people still being taunted? Why is it some hilarious joke? Can they really not find anything more creative to laugh at? It truly makes me pity them. It also sounds like they're not putting much effort into their own exercise regimes if they are spending all of their time mocking you and taking pictures... Sad!
Tell the gym. They're a business and don't want people hanging around making patrons uncomfortable.   And fuck those bitches. Keep doing your thing.
I'm sorry but if my GF did this I would be devastated. It wouldn't be snappy revenge texts and shit. I agree if would feel like my world just caught on fire
I've always thought bacherlor and stag parties were free passes for that sort of thing, or at the very least, it was one last night of frivolity while your partner looked the other way. I don't understand modern courtship customs. I would never get married lol.
This is why it's a terrible idea shack up, and it's better to get married before having children. The jerk doesn't respect you nor himself. I'm sorry for your distress and wish you the best, but things were done a certain way for millennia for a reason. I hope you find someone that respects and appreciates you one day.
Have you guys talked about this (rather, have you told him how you feel about kids?) it's ok to be on the fence but your partner deserves to know where you're at. My best friend doesn't want kids but her husband does, they got married about a year ago... idk what the future holds for them or if they've worked this out yet. (Definitely something that should've been worked out before getting married).
That sounds like it must be very difficult for you.
Totally agreed.  He used the phrase "you only live once"!!!!!!!!!!!!!  That is not an "I was dissatisfied" or an "I slipped up".  That is straight up I want to cheat because I have an opportunity.  Shitpile needs to be kicked to the curb like the trash he is.
 He is showing you who is truly is. Do not make the mistake of believing that this is a one time thing. He will do this again to you and your family. I am sending you strength and courage. I am sorry that he is putting you and your children through this.   Edited because I overlooked the elopement and thought they weren't married yet.
You're right, of course, but all of these details like employment, OP being pregenant, etc, REALLY add to the "fucking dick" fire. Hell, I'm a dude, I've cheated before, and I still hate this guy.
I've read this before somewhere and it still sends a good message. Thank you for the repost.
&gt;because they wanted to spend the night going to strip clubs &amp; watching porn.  Do you work in the 70s?
"Everyone cheats" is just a quick defense to make you feel like your infidelity is normal. Everyone doesn't cheat, man.
It's supposed to be funny because you're obviously **not** a terrorist. It wasn't a racial statement. It was a subtle jab at the process. Like an eye roll to the background check. It's not really that funny of a joke, but neither are most of everyone's everyday one liners. She didn't account for the fact that you had some feelings  going on that made you sensitive to remarks. But it wasn't a racial jab. It was a sarcastic remark.
I think alimony is the dumbest thing.... I get what its original intent was but now it's just a way for someone to continue leaching
The baby boomer generation was the coddled generation, fuck off.
Sad to say,  my ex was similar,  and he did catch another fool.   She's staying,  it seems.  But she's asked me questions ass had some thoughts of leaving.  Stays because god says so.
you're about to marry a piece of shit. bail while you still can do so easily as it will be much harder in the future.
Send him a screen shot asap of the convo. He needs to panic and do some introspection while he is away.
Run. It doesn't get any better.
While I don't doubt the possibility of her making it up or being right or whatever as we really know nothing before it goes to court; I'll say that "independent third party investigation we pay for" is a ridiculous concept.  These investigators have incentive to conclude in favour of whoever hires them to continue to get hired.
Bag all his stuff, park it on the sidewalk. Tell him: Ass, meet curb; curb, ass. Run back inside and lock the door behind you.
I'm not defending him. But being emotional doesn't help in custody battles, or in any legal contract, really.
I was cheated on. I thought I could work through it, but it turns out her cheating was the subconscious cue she didn't love me anymore. It took her a year to realize it conciously, and all the work and forgiveness went out the window when she left me.  I'm so sorry this happened, but confront him, don't let him blame you for anything, and be stern. His act automatically broke you up, it's up to you whether you act on it.  That might sound harsh, but you are the beautiful, strong woman with all the power, not him.
You've never met people like this, apparently.  They spin fine tales and are manipulative enough that people fall for it all the time.  My ex's mother lost everything but the shirt off her back to one.  When you first meet him you have no idea how he managed to get her hooked, but then you find out he's had 5 kids with 3 other women before despite never working an honest day in his life and you realize there's talent there.  A despicable talent, but a talent nonetheless.    Underestimating people like this gives them an advantage.  Don't do it.
Yes there is. Some states have it in hopes that there will be reconciliation.
Go clean your room.
I have never seen a more spiteful bunch of people. Dump him! hide the money!, take the kids away! Hayzeus de Christo.  There is at this point, no proof he has done anything but flirt. Her saying stop kissing other girls could be just teasing him for flirting. I think this is more than worth a talk, but to end it over that text is a little rushed imho. I'm not saying he's a saint, but I'm sure he's not the worst guy if youve been with him this long.   Be the bigger person and offer him the chance to talk. Send him a screenshot of the texts and see what he says. I'm not saying hes innocent, but that text is far from proof he's an adulterer. Flirting, even over text isnt good grounds for divorce. Calm down Reddit and stop pushing this internet stranger toward bad decisions.
Are there places where landlords allow unemployed people on a lease?  I've never encountered that in the wild.
I hate being female; they rub it in my face.  I just want a nice big phallus. =(
Hopefully you will use this as fuel for motivation to go on and not give up.
Maybe the reason he was feeling so down in the first place is that he doesn't REALLY want to go through with the marriage.
Don't give him the time of day, it doesn't ever get better.
I am not surprised that my curiosity was taken as a blatant attack on someone's career of choice. I am on TwoX after all, everything a male says is an assault on a women.
     I've always known that not all men are assholes, but it's always great to hear more stories like yours. I don't blame people who get jaded after bad experiences, and generalize all guys. I've only had one relationship with a guy so far, I'm still fairly young that's why, and unfortunately the guy I dated wasn't a "good guy." I never thought he was a "bad person" necessarily either, he just did all of the typical douchebag moves while in a relationship with me. After some time in the relationship, he began to flirt with other girls in front of me, he would tell me things that really took a hit on my confidence, he would make me feel inadequate, and he never had the decency to actually break up with me.       He went after another girl while we were still involved, and he thought that by doing that, instead of actually being honest, and ending the relationship, I would just get the point and go away. Sadly, I really did love him. Way more than I loved myself. It took two years to get over him, and I still think of him now often. Although, it's different now. I don't remember him with a smile or a frown, I just remember. Anyway, enough about me. I'm really sorry about what happened to you, but I'm glad you found an amazing guy to prove to you there are good guys in the world.       Despite my bad experience, interestingly enough, I've never believed that there are no good guys in the world. I think it's because Im friends with many guys. I'm friends with both the somewhat douchey types, and the good ones. But seeing the good ones, and how much genuine love they have for their girlfriends does prove to me every day that good men are indeed around.
How is she ok with it if she's telling us about it? She's telling us how he takes advantage of her and has her working two jobs while pregnant. Then he has the nerve to cheat. It's not ok to take advantage of people. No one is ok with that. Some people just have trouble speaking up.
No, you're correct. I'll go edit that in.
&gt; They might question the boy, but that's it.   You've never met the average criminal I see. Most people just straight up confess.
I don't mind getting made fun of.  I mind rape threats.
I gained about 40lbs while on the shot and then the pills. Started at 115. Ive been trying to lose it for about a year now and had very little results. Ive switched to the copper iud, and I love it, hopefully I will start dropping all the other weight soon. Good luck!
That sucks, if you decide to continue, I'd suggest trying to get a moderator or two. That should help, either way hope all goes well in the end and sorry you had this happen to you.
Could do without the insults or attitude, but thanks anyways.
I actually DID text the other girl! I told her I wasn't mad at her...but that he didn't have a fiancé he has a WIFE and a 1 year old and one on the way. I asked if she could tell me woman to woman what happened. She did. And was remorseful. Much respect to her
Girl,  it sounds like his family has spoiled him rotten.  If his own mother is going to go baby him for doing this to you and if he is just going to give you typical excuses,  don't wait around for the worst. I know you love him,  but there is nothing worse than tying the knot with somebody who will not give you the love you deserve.   You got a baby on the way but an older son who I am sure will support you in this time.  Do you  have family near by?  Hopefully they can help as well.  I would choose your words and actions carefully at first. Are your finances separate?  If not,  immediately get that taken care of.  It's your choice to forgive him and stay.  But honestly,  he sounds like a repeat offender with no real remorse. I would advice leaving. Really if it's meant to be I would try again in a few years.  But hopefully by then you'll find a man who truly deserves you.  Best wishes!  Stay strong!
Less than half of the people graduating high school this year will have had sex.
I seem to be the only one who isn't like "kick him out instantly". Sure, he made a big mistake and he definitely has to pay for that. But you two have been together for 7 years, I don't think that one should throw such a relationship away over one incident. I don't know how your relationship status is outside of this incident, but as you plan to marry it shouldn't be too bad. A relationship should be about forgiving, and if he seriously, wholeheartedly is sorry, I think you should forgive him.
He was trying to make plans to see her again. Period.
You are amazing. I wish I could make that long of a trip alone right now
Stress relieving is a dream I won't be able to fulfill for quite a few more months! My 9 month old is a mama's boy and still won't sleep through the night. Some day that dream will come true though XD hahaha where I go, as goes my child. Le sigh.
Yup. Always B.  Talking from experience :)  Looks fade. That said, if you're young and just looking for sex and nothing more, go with what your "feelings" tell you. If you are looking for more..B B B
You sound like a real piece of work.   The strength of a marriage isn't based on your names.   Taking the man's name is symbolic of a woman switching from being the property of her father to the property of her husband and it's really fucked up in my opinion.   I never would have married a man who expected me to take his name. It would be obvious that he didn't share my values.
Sorry
And you aren't willing to make the symbolic gesture you require her to make because...?
I'm the bipolar one :-) been off meds for close to a year, and thankfully did tons of CBT in the past so I'm coping well about 85% of the time. I will go back on them the second I can though. He has a history of depression, and anxiety, and I would love to see him get help for it
Yes, a lot of companies are good about discreet packaging. I got mine from lovehoney.com
This is so true! Personally, i feel like ive been missing out on valuable gurl time like dressing up and taking cute selfies and just being so utterly girly. But I realise you need to find some who are just as laid back as yourself. The ones you feel on edge around will never understand, so don't waste your time, they will never take your honesty with a pinch of salt and there's no point living a sugar coated lie. It also gets harder to maintain friendships when you get older. Unfortunately laid back relatable chicks are so rare, so when you find one, never let them go because they're gems.
You're not wrong friend
Look I know you are getting pulled in every direction right now but before you decide to divorce I'd like to share a podcast my wife and I came across when looking for counseling,  I would like to clarify I didn't cheat we just argue and have a hard time finding the middle ground. I know it will all work out no matter your decision. Good luck. The podcast is on Audible called "where should we begin" By Esther perel episode 1
I just hate that I can't build muscle mass like a man. I always wanted to be really strong. And dudes will literally laugh at women for being weaker than them and act like it's some kind of point of superiority that they're better at physical shit.   I hate it so much. It's given me a lot of body dysmorphia. I want to cry just thinking about it.
Got ya.  I misread.  I wish you the best of luck, whatever path you end up on.
I don't think it's that serious. If it pretty much came out on its own, and she isn't in any pain or discomfort from it, it should be fine. Would probably want to book in with the doc just to be safe tho, you gotta get new birth control anyway so 2 birds.
Thanks. Probably gonna try waiting it out for a couple weeks to see if he gets any better
Why are people downvoting the comments that are trying to be helpful and upvoting the comments that are NOT helping her?
Tell him clearly and set healthy boundaries. It doesn't matter that you seemed willing before; you have EVERY RIGHT to change your mind, it doesn't mean you're lying. It just means you're not ready, and that's okay.
You shouldn't feel like you need to have sex with him just because you discussed it before. Be honest and let him know that you're not ready, and he should be able to understand that. Take your time, do it when you feel it's right.
I'm a water waster, so probably not! Some people do dry shaves, others have a bucket of water nearby to wipe away the excess shaving cream. It's up to you!
You need to view  yourself now as a dad in training...You are half of everything surrounding her pregnancy...She decides ...you support..And a meal and a back rub is kind...but what you both need is to reaccess your relationship in a new way. If you're not ready to parent..wear a condom always... double your birth control methods. One failed and may again...Good man
I cringe at the thought of dry shaving
Captain Marvel comes out 2019 I think
But Jean Grey *is* more powerful than Professor X. With the Phoenix Force, she's one of the most powerful characters in the entire Marvel Universe. If she was in complete control she wouldn't be as interesting of a character because she would be too overpowered.
Ghost in the shell possibly
Well. This is too much information but I hope it helps someone. Genetically endometriosis runs in my family and sometimes I have unbearable cramping with mine. One of my grandmas always had to use a tampon and an overnight pad to prevent bleeding through her clothes. Some women in my family put 2 super long overnight pads in their underwear, one towards the front, one towards the back to make a longer pad. That oftentimes stops bleeding through clothes but on the rare occasion not.   Taking 2 or three ibuprofen (3 if you are very heavy) every 4 to 6 hours as well as 1 asprin every 24 hours ( to lessen blood clots..which are a major cause of cramps) helps the pain, as well as bringing in a heating pad to work. I have been lucky in some office situations could bring in a heating pad and no one would say anything. One guy asked me about it when I did so once because he thought it was strange, but I acted like it made me uncomfortable and it shut him up. Getting up and walking around helps too. Regular exercise every day does wonders for some periods.  If it weren't for heating pads and pain pills though and the pad trick I would be completely incapacitated many a period.  I have irregular periods and sometimes I will get painful twinges a couple weeks before my period. I find its always good to carry a pad to put in, and if you feel the twinge could be you will get your period soon use something just as a precautionary measure. Also always having extra pads and change of clothes for emergencies helps.  I have bled through my clothes due to periods several times in my life and in middle school when I got my first period I bled through my clothes on the desk seat ! Was one of the most embarrassing days of my life. No one told me anything either, I had been wandering around most of the day with a giant red stain on the back of my light colored pants.  Thankfully it was my last class of the day...but still....you think someone would have said something earlier and sent me to the nurse or something.
Oops, that is a typo: it should read CRT.  CRTs are Cognitive Reflection Tests.
Oh, wow, that's interesting! Okay, as long as it's normal. And yours was a success, right?   The clinic that I went to hasn't been all that helpful when I've called them about this stuff, unfortunately :(  Thank you so much!!!
What does this question have to do with ethnically Jewish Gal Gadot?
??
this
Thank you so much for the strength. I really appreciate it.  I think long-term would be lovely. When I was around 20 and my family went through a similar health crisis, I reached out a nursing home to see if any of the older folks there would want to play checkers or do a puzzle. I was told by my priest that they were already had their own grandchildren and I'd be more of a burden than anything, so I haven't really tried that again.   I apologize for asking more, but you mentioned a couple of type of gatherings that would be good for that. And they seem really helpful. Do you have any tips on talking with *adults* in those situations in a way that I don't appear desperate or something, but also communicates that I'm open to more than just the event that we're at? I've been told by my friends that I often give off the vibe that I have everything in control and don't want any sort of support. I suppose it's generally because I don't want to scare people. '^_^
Do they have no commonalities? If you take fifty photos, sort them into "attractive to me", "not attractive to me", and "eh", I'd have figured you could analyze the piles and get some insight into what's involved.
But one was the key factor. Colour helped, and someone who didn't "look Jewish" might have had a shot running under someone else's papers, but being a white did not prevent the known ethnic Jew from persecution.
Sure, but they are obviously not caring for this animal; presumably you have vet records, and I hope you took pictures.  Either that or go talk to them directly.
It's all in your confidence and how you present yourself. The type of guys I personally find attractive are those that tend to dig brains more than fitting into a size 6 dress, and I know it. So if they are the type not to like me because I'm overweight, why would I consider them worth my time?   Dress for your body shape and get active in groups with similar intrests. Online dating sucked but once I started getting out there in person there are a ton of options. Met my current boyfriend from a gaming group and he's a wonderful fit.  There is an amount of confidence that comes with knowing your own strengths and your own value. You are more than your weight. Now, I have lost weight, but even at 85 lbs heaver, I still had zero issues dating just because of weight.
I am planning to stay longer here. I have issues with family already my parents are from village and just before coming here they announced me dead. That is one more thing to add to my mental health. About marriage i belong to society (lower and poor) where girls get married between 15-18. My engagement was done when i was 14 but i broke it when I got into undergrad. So I am already too aged for them to find a man for me. Anyway they don't care anymore as i said  they declared me dead. About caste it was Shia and Sunni issue.   I feel your words that it is worth to wait. As I am not after sex. I just need to prepare myself to meet new people. I will try thanks for your suggestion and kind words.
How do you know he was going to ask for a date?
Exactly. You know that famous scene from exodus?  http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0053804/quotes
Maybe he just confused you with a person he already knew.
That's my issue with wanting everything to be 50/50. It's entirely possible that men are just naturally better at certain things than women (and vice versa). That's ok. I have a lot of trouble believing that the only reason behind the unequal distribution is sexism or socialization.   That said, I also think it would be misguided to say that the unequal distribution has *nothing* to do with sexism or socialization. It makes complete sense that an industry dominated by one gender would be harder for the opposite gender to break into. So I do think it makes sense to encourage more women to get into directing and to celebrate those who do. If it ends up being 50/50, cool. I just think *expecting* everything to be 50/50 is unrealistic.
Learning that sometimes love isn't enough broke my heart almost just as much. I was 100% convinced she was my soulmate in every way, and I've yet to met anyone who understood and accepted all of me the way she did. People told me that things might change, and she might want kids later (and for you, that his career might change), but I respected and loved her too much as she was to go forward expecting her to be different. I expect it's the same for you!  Ultimately, if you break up now, when it can be as clean and healthy as possible, you are giving both of you a chance to successfully move on sooner. I never got closure with my ex (she refused to talk about it in detail with me, she doesn't even know it was because of kids), and to this day I struggle with trying to bring closure to myself, especially because I considered myself someone who would Never cheat.
The achievements of transwomen who were identifying as men, living as men, and benefiting from male privilege, while important, shouldn't be treated as the same as the achievements of any woman, cis or trans, who achieves something while living and identifying as a woman. And honestly, with the Wachowski sisters, there's a question of how much they still benefit from things they did with the benefit of male privilege. Would Jupiter AScending have been made with that budget if they hadn't done the Matrix series?  The Matrix Films were made by women, but the next highest grossing film made by women (be they cis or post-transition trans) should also be mentioned in the same breath when talking about who set the record.
It was only a matter of time before someone found fault. I guess it couldn't be helped.  Makes it seem like there's just no winning with some communities though.
because Palestinians are not ethnic Jews by any metric. Not ethnically, not religiously, not racially. So OF COURSE we don't consider them to be ethnically Jewish.  Jews, actual Jews, are a race, an ethnicity, a tribe, a religion. We defy conventional definition. Even the whitest polish Jewish grandmother is middle eastern and has more genes in common with an Iraqi Jew than a gentile pole.  Your definition doesn't work.  Do you try to define how black people self-identify?   Transgenders? Do you tell them how to self identify?  And Arabs are not descended from ancient Israelites. That's why we joke about being cousins.
&gt; That's not what fetishizing means. Fetishizing means putting something on a sexual pedestal just because it has a certain quality.  And let's be honest, no one uses that word when the quality is a mainstream appreciation.  &gt; Now don't get me wrong I agree with you that you were not necessarily fetishizing trans women. People were just being hypersensitive because trans women are often fetishized (people may pursue them just because they are trans), and you made a comment that would have been a lot nicer if you had simply stick to complimenting her voice as a woman instead of commenting about her being trans. It makes you sound like a fetishizer because you're making a generalized compliment.  Why "as a woman"? Why am I not fetishizing when I persue someone just because they're a woman in this case? But like I said there wasn't even anything sexual about it.  I just liked the voice, not "as a woman" or "as a trans woman"; regardless of whom the voice was on I would've liked it. I just pointed out that it seems to be common for transwomen to have a voice like that.
Holy shit, you're the best. Reading thru u/Dembara profile, it's seems they only post on two x and men's rights. Face, meet palm.
&gt;A lot of people here are suggesting makeup -- I disagree, wear what makes you comfortable!  Agreed. Also, I had a co-worker who would make silly faces when she didn't know what to do or say. It seemed very involuntary. She also used to do a little shimmy dance back to her desk when she was done talking to someone. I often felt the urge to say that she was undermining her own image by acting like that. But there's no telling how she would have reacted so I kept my mouth shut
I mean, why comment at all? what were you hoping to achieve? you just want to yell at some random redditor? What does that do for you? Would you yell at some random person in the street?
I'm sorry... But your user name does not check out with your graciousness.  =p  As a retail manager, it warms my heart everyone i see one person help another.   On a side note, I watched a young woman on the WiC program get h harassed by a customer because it was taking too long and she refused to move to an open checkout lane.  I called her out on it, in a low whisper, the woman on wic I believe was unable to hear me.   It was to the affect of, "this woman is doing what she can to feed her child, this doesn't mean she can't afford to feed her family, but it is a struggle to feed them right.  Give her kids soda ir 'juice drink,' or the real fruit juice which costs more than double.  Ramen soup for dinner, or real veggies.  She is being a responsible adult taking care of her children.  I'm sorry the procedure takes a while, but that's an issue to take up with the state, not the woman, especially after I offered to bring you through a register that had no lines."  I kept going, by the time I was done speaking the first woman was gone, and the woman I was speaking to had her head down telling me she wished she could apologize...  Two days later the first woman came in, thanks Me for standing up for her, then told the store director.  And again, I don't think she knew what I said, just that I put myself between the irate person and her.
I find this hard to do. 3 times I've tried to give a homeless guy downtown a spare bus pass when he asked for money for the bus. Each one refused it. They just wanted money.
Me too.  Nice to know there are others out there. Good on you!   Edit: stupid auto correct.  Cuz old on you totally makes more sense.
There's sure a lot of crusading in your head.
Pretty sure I saw a video on Facebook that was pretty much exactly this...and then the kid grew up and bought a cake for a little girl and her grandma and it turned out the cake was for the man who'd bought the cake years before for the kid.
Havent done anything like offering money in line, etc. But regularly give streetfolks a buck or two when approached. Whenever i see someone trying to take a selfie with an historic site or landscape, etc., i offer to take the pic for them. Eg. A young couple with a waterproof camera in the water at Cancun. Snapped a few pics of them hugging, splashing, playing in the water. They were very appreciative. Also took pics of a couple at Graceland. It's not much, i know.
For me it was the coffee she put back. It was clearly a wic order, and she had paid cash for things like toilet paper and soap. But she put back what was a nice bag of coffee that was clearly meant as a treat for her. I had been stressing out that day over am insurance problem and seeing her there with three kids making it all work put my problems in perspective.   So I bought the cofree and told her that it was from one mom of small kids to another.
Yes, I agree that it has to be the right situation. I was approached at Target recently by a woman who asked me if I could give her money to buy the biggest bottle of Pantene conditioner...I mean, do you really need to buy the biggest Pantene bottle they sell? If she needed diapers, formula or groceries I would've totally done it, but no one "needs" expensive shampoo that bad. I told her no, that I didn't have any money. She gave me the most evil look.
Of course its a thing. They just ask the mother who the father is. She can name anyone. The state should ask for a paternity yes but they don't. They just start garnishing the guys wages and he has to sue to get a paternity test done. And sometimes the state doesn't care and keeps garnishing his wages even though he's not the father because its in the best interest of the child.
Excellent point!
Do you ever wish to find her and befriend her in the future? I know I would want to meet her again if I was in your shoes c:
What a heart warming thread! I'm so glad to see so many people thinking of others out there who are in need. I try to help people whenever I can, whether it's having a small care package in the car to hand out to a beggar, or buying someone in need a meal when I buy my lunch. I have done regular charity work since about 10 years old and it really does fill your heart up to give of your time or money, or just doing some small, kind act.  People sometimes look at me like I'm crazy but honestly, the tables can turn in a flash and that could be me out there, relying on the kindness of strangers. It costs me so little to make sure someone isn't hungry for one meal, or has some warm socks for when they're sleeping outside at night. I do what I can with what I have...  And coincidentally, I've been in some situations where I've needed help and strangers have come through for me. I don't do it for some karmic balance thing, but it really makes the world of difference when a total stranger goes out of their way to help you.  Thanks Redditors! Faith in humanity restored!  ~ No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted ~
I'm complaining that they're being heralded  as champions of women's empowerment by doing something logical. Where's my medal for doing something because it's the only smart thing to do, like eating or drinking.
It's still fresh, but an outright refusal of professional help accompanied his revelation. Quite possibly because his abuser was never brought to justice, despite the sibling abuse having been brought to light and investigated but who knows for sure. All I know is that's not a resource at this time, and right now I'm on my own- what do *I* do??
Because I believe women shouldn't rely on fucking men to support herself. I believe women should be expected to do real work to support herself and not use her body as if it and others can be viewed as buyable fuck holes.   You like sex? Great. Get a fucking job and have sex with whoever you want all the time. Just don't make fucking you like a job. It makes us all look incompetent
i had 2 questionable massed in my right breast in 2013, and my doctor feared they were malignant. ended up getting surgery to have them both removed and have a biopsy performed on them. thankfully not cancerous, but was later diagnosed with fibrocystic breasts. generally speaking, my symptoms are minimized to masses popping up in my right breast randomly. sometimes with a small amount of pain, but usually i dont notice until i do self exams. they just feel like lumpy masses, about the size of a kiwi or smaller. one of the masses i had removed was about peach sized though.
It's time you learned this subreddit has agendas it pushes. Dont fool yourself, this place isnt user driven
The link above is from the U.S. Department of Veteran's Affairs, and they have a lot of data on PTSD on their site. If you believe their data is false, feel free to take your case up with them.
&gt; Let me decide what you can eat for a year. Let me control your body for a year, you now don't get to go out on Saturdays or are allowed to have access to the internet.  Like when the father is in prison for not being able to pay child support for a child he did not want?  &gt; The state, and society as a whole, says that dad's get to pay the parent tax for having a kid and not supporting them.  Which is incongruent with the rights that women have, even after they give birth, to not be a parent should they so desire.  &gt; You can very easily not pay child support, stay in their lives.  You go to prison if you don't pay child support.  &gt; The mother is electing that option by having the child.  Yes, the mother has a decision.  So should the father, before the child is born, while abortion is still an option for the mother should she wish to have one knowing that the father has surrendered his rights and responsibilities (in this hypothetical proposal).
Why can't he ask both of your parents? Asking just your father is pretty sexist and kind of gross (it represents passing the woman from ownership of one male to the other). Wanting your SO to gain acceptance from your family is fine, but it should be from both your parents, not just your dad because he's the man.
He should ask the most important people/family in your life. "I am going to propose to kitty carousel and hope to have your blessings"
No, it makes sense for strength too. I'm not talking about a math test. I'm saying give then a test that measures exactly what they need to do - which would be strength and fitness based for the infantry. The general fitness test measures general fitness, but has different standards for different people - the 40-year-old infantryman on the front line doesn't have to do as many pushups as the 20-year-old because a "generally fit" 40-year-old doesn't do as many pushups as the "generally fit" 20-year-old.  do you oppose this?   But in addition to meeting the general fitness standard (which changes by person), the job skills test with one single standard measures whether they can actually complete the job. For an infantryman, it would be something in the sort of range I'd proposed above - Put on 100lbs of gear, run 10 miles, and then carry a 200lb dummy for a mile. (not *exactly* that. But something that measures what the infantry does in that sort of vein.)  That's still very much a strength test, but it's a measure of the *specific* strength needed for the job - not a very specific strength like pushups. Everyone, whether 20, 40, or female, needs to be able to complete whatever standard is set for that job-related test, because those are the skills - for infantry, strength-based skills -that are critical to do the job without endangering one's peers.
While I have no opinion on the subject other than the government has no business in such matters, I advocate everyone who's upset about this in the Austin area departing to more blueish tinted areas of the political map... simply because I'm sick of the insane traffic on Mopac and 183 during my commute.
Im not a scientist or phd or anything but i always viewed the tradition of asking the father this way. Fathers generally tend to be uncomfortable with their daughters growing up and getting in relantionships with men. So when the prospect fiance asks the dad for his permission its like, hey im a good guy, i love your daughter and i want us(dad and fiance) to have a good relantionship. Mothers seem to be more easy going with their daughters. Maybe its cause dads understand their daughters less and makes them overly protective. Where as mothers seem to identify easier with their daughters so tend to have more confidence in their descision making.
Michael Palin travels carl sagan cosmos
https://math.stackexchange.com/a/1419161
Good.  But do go on about how one of the highest earning comedians of this generation is somehow oppressed.
she kind of deserves it
If **anyone** says they love him, he acts like he can't hear or understand it.  Literally, I made a stone keychain (so it was etched in stone) that says "(Manager) loves (co-worker)" because every time my manager says he loves him he says he doesn't know what he said. Sadly, he claimed he was unable to read the writing on the stone.
I don't like your bastard nuclear weapons, and other such things {{{{{http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090329/}}}}} {{{{{matilda-movie}}}}} {{{{{pythogoras-theorem}}}}} {{{{{yo, hop, gregor-mendel, readable }}}}} {{{{{spheres}}}}}
I personally wouldn't risk bringing up painful memories like that for no real reason.
Well, it looks like they mostly had the idea, started a company and never showed a prototype of it actually working: http://www.snopes.com/undercover-colors/  This sounds very similar, neat idea, but no science behind it. Additionally, their idea isn't even new: https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/6fu0z8/three_teenagers_are_being_praised_for_a_straw/dil7h6i/
The 2 year one is VERY misleading as if you read the actual study you can not draw the conclusions they have in the abstract / or it is worded poorly. The study results have NOT been duplicated which means there results are very suspicious. Until it is duplicated it is very suspicious.   The manufacturer is being silly. Many women with Copper IUD chart / use monitors. Maybe they are confused and think you mean hormonal IUD?   I use FAM as a secondary / third BC method. I'm childfree so never want to get pregnant.  So start  using the monitor.
She looks healthy and fit... she just needs to get a bigger size. If she's lifting there's no harm in getting sizes M - L. She shouldn't take sizing to heart. I fit both my XS shorts and my boyfriend's XXL shorts... a big size doesn't mean she's too big, she's obviously fit and healthy from the pics
Your manager seems like an asshole. Don't let anyone make you feel that way about doing something right. It's your personal space and you shouldn't have had to tell your coworker not to even once. It's a work area, not a freaking bar. If he can't follow the rules and keep his hands to himself then he shouldn't be there anyways. Married or not, he has no reason to put his hands on your waist. Don't feel bad about reporting him. Managers have to go through ethics classes so yours should know better and know that being nice to someone isn't a pass to touch you.
I know right. I should've just slammed the entire thing on top of him with an 'oops'. Imaginary revenge fantasy only, I guess :(
Therapy, meditation, exercise, eating healthily, stopping yourself from gossiping or being unpleasant (this is a big one, and difficult) and cultivating your own interests / sharing those of others. I know how hard it is to break this kind of behaviour.
Lol you guys can't tell what's a joke 😂
Well done! I'm 31 and don't own my own property, though I will soon, and the absolute cheapest 1 bed flat in a terrible area where I live (London) is at least around $750,000...
I really loved that headline, Amal Clooney truly does not get the recognition she deserves for being such an amazing and accomplished person. It's something that I too didn't realize for a while, but then once I noticed a pattern and started speaking to people, realized that it has a "women are property" feeling to it. Props to you for being such a great feminist dad and listening and learning!
Well, fuck.
I want to state flat out, I appreciate the reply and response you gave me.   But I'm against this happening.  I'm not with the you have to have sex with me because you are my wife.   I want it if you want it.  Any mutilation genitals is bullshit.
It's very much his uncomfortablity with the fact that guys will think sexual thoughts and will try something. He knew a lot of guys that had no shame and will go after girls even though they were in a relationship/married. Yes is insecurity and not healthy but I can't fault him for that. I personally would rather wear a long shirt to cover my butt than to be sexually harassed.
Qwest diagnostics and many others have same day testing.
There's a point where you wear a dress and doll leggings up with jewelry and hair where leggings are in the neighborhood of jeans, I think. Yoga pants, though? No. No no no. Those are gym/yardwork/housework clothes.   But if you wear leggings to the office you better be wearing a dress or skirt whose length is appropriate-to-setting if you were bare-legged and it'd better be an outfit where opaque tights in the same color and pattern would have worked.  But saying you can't wear stuff isn't ok unless it's a business dress code, or talking about events with a set formality (don't wear yoga pants to a wedding unless it says it on the invites, for example). OP can wear what she wants.
I think it should say because not despite..... this has been proven time and time again abstinence education does not work.
There are nudist families out there who are full Monty nude around each other.   If he starts avoiding you or starts cringing I'd stop, and certainly not force it on him but he's not going to be crippled by it.
You aren't responsible for the sins of your father any more than the rest of us are.
Anytime I ever hear dudes mention the Olympics, the first comment is always "I just watch it for the beach volleyball" so, yes.
&gt; If you want credit for the good, you have to take credit for the bad.  Does that apply to everyone, or only whites?  All races have done negative things.  Are you saying that all black people are responsible for the fact that half the murders in the US are committed by them, despite being 13% of the population?  "Gotta take credit for the bad"  &gt; So you want credit for ending slavery  No, I don't. I'm just countering your blatantly warped narrative.  &gt; not for the continuation of slavery   White men ended slavery. They didn't continue it. That's the point.  &gt; the racist white supremacy of today.   I assume you are talking about the US. The US is not a "racist white supremacist nation." It is in fact one of the most welcoming and least racist nations on earth.  I assume you haven't travelled much.  If you want me to take all the credit for the good, then I guess whites will also take credit for the fact that white majority countries are the most successful countries in the world, with the greatest levels of freedom and prosperity.  I am very thankful that the white people who founded the country I live in made good decisions that allowed the country to be such a great place to live in. Aren't you? Do you hate George Washington, just because he was white? Do you hate America, as a whole? Why?
Another reason why i think they went MMFF or FFMM being the best is that when usian passes to the first girl, he's like right up on her knees nad looks like its ar eally early pass, I'm not a huge track guy but most of hte races I've seen they like to pass near the end, but it seems Usain was literally to fast and forced a earlier pass than perfect.  I wonder if best order would be MFFM because of this or FFMM to reduce male to female passes but I feel like having a guy on off the start has to be best right? That explosive power can't be made up anywhere else on the track since the relay has postions 2-4 starting mid to full stride, and well the guys are just going to push off harder...
Personally, I've found that rustling the jimmies of cis/straight guys is the most amusing thing ever. So yes
Do you legitimately believe testosterone has no effect whatsoever on athletic strength?
*give* away?  POC pay taxes too!  Minorities are equal citizens! Why do you think whites own the government?  Why do you write as if demanding equality is asking for privilege?
Objectification of women in pop media is involved in shaping the heterosexual male's sexual instinct?  This is the most neckbeard shit I've ever read.
You should definately get checked out then just to be safe hun. It could be nothing but if it is, the earlier treated the better...Good luck❤
Poke my wife in the butt all the time. I am a sex offender now.
25 years of first-hand experience with straight men leads me to believe... yes, this is exactly how they are like 😭
"Imaginary sex differences" you mean the fact that men put on considerably more muscle mass than women and are on average taller as well? Both of those are incredibly relevant in the world of sports. pretending that women and men are complete equals physically is just foolish, testosterone is a fucking hell of a hormone. It's not someimaginary difference between men and women it's a legitimate sexual dimorphism. There's a reason that most women Olympic world record holders would fail to qualify for men's events, and it's not some imaginary difference between the sexes it's that the guys are just bigger faster and stronger more or less across the board. Every men's world record in speed or strength competitions is quite a bit higher than the women's world record. Its not sexism it's literal physical differences between men and women
It gets worse. Sexism, ageism. And boy does society poo on us. The thing is, even the most negative situation has something positive in it. Look for them. Write them down if you need to , but the ability to see positive in something negative is a skill worth more than gold. With that kind of gold, you look at a waitress's pay in a different perspective. And for sure, any child would be happy to be heir to that fortune!
Is it necessary for you to exist?
looks like "woman only" camp wants something the "kids only" camp have. Clearly the "woman only" camp didn't grow up enough. But it is ok, better the keep them contained.
Ok, so what we learn from your comment is that men are one-dimensional automatons with no impulse control.  Good story, fuckface,
because POCs need more representation in the media
You're a construct!
Your explanation fits within the definition of "pro-choice".     Because it is every woman's choice for herself.  So, thanks for supporting women's rights!
Just keep swimming.
I would date a girl that dresses like a guy. In general I find tomboy girls very attractive. I'm a straight guy tho.
It had nothing to do with the article, because the article is a hot mess of name drops and tangents. That "Flush condoms down the toliet" thing, is a different case Gunn's Lawyer worked on before that has nothing at all to do with this case. It was to "Show off" her history in the industry and her talent. But aside from that comment and what the case was about it never mentioned the out come or how it had relevance too this story.
Before reading further, I'd say I root for the lady on the left for lack of horrendous glasses. Let's see if I was right
Not really, unless we're going to go into deceptions and worse. It takes two to have sex, so if they disagree on the use of condoms, they shouldn't be having it.
Legend has the real Amazons chopping off a breast to make shooting with a bow and arrow easier.
&gt; Neither did the rubber band thing.  I once bought a cheap gag pen that gives a very mild electric shock when clicked, to keep myself awake during meetings. I dunno if that would help anyone, but they're only a few bucks on Amazon if you search for "shock pen".
Good point on replacing her dog as a motive. She just sounds like a Nice Guy who interprets any reaction that isn't screaming as a positive go ahead for boundary stomping.
perhaps privacy/safe space is a concern?
I never even attempted to use one of "those words" so climb down there off your high horse
Direct from the federal government where I live (and I'm sure your federal government has a similar page, I hate to push the issue but you guys are literally encouraging people to **commit a crime** here):  You should only call 000 when a situation is threatening to life or property, or time-critical. If a situation is not urgent but does need the attention of an emergency service organisation, you should obtain the number of your local police, fire or ambulance service from the phone book or by calling directory assistance. Calling an emergency line for any other matter is a criminal offense.
Look up Women on Waves.
Unhealthy view of sex and relationships, often wants to drink, unhealthy view of women at times,  plus idk just a feeling that I can't shake.  If I thought it didn't bug him I would drop it but ik my boyfriend.
Better :)
&gt;I think if I tell him it will start a fight.   That's probably the same logic he used when he lied to you. Be the bigger person here - admit that you went through his phone. It's true that you shouldn't have, but you did. Your feelings are valid even though you did something you shouldn't have. The fact that you snooped doesn't absolve him of any blame.  Either admit it or get over it.
I would trust him about anything else but the way he acted when he talked about it was so out of character.
More work ethic than a millennial
I think they're talking more generally. I have been in this situation the other way around, where I was on foot and a guy catcalling me was on a bike. He followed me despite being in public and no one in the street tried to help me. Literally had to run to work!   But, even if you're not always in danger when being catcalled, it's always uncomfortable to be called attention to when you're just trying to mind your business. And there are frequently situations where it is dangerous.
Have fun with their 1 % growth rate and 9 % unemployment rate ...
OP says it's a unique experience to women. So yes, somebody is denying that it happens to men. Read the OP before commenting.
I love my wife's g boobs.  I also loved them when they were b.  I just love boobs.
That's like making her live her life with one arm tied behind her back. Not knowing how to say no, or being allowed to say no is a tremendous life handicap.    And a good set-up for abuse.
i don't see any reason a landlord should have any knowledge of a tenant's medical history whatsoever
Are you implying that your partner, on a busy road on only a bike, was somehow in less danger than you, who was literally spoken to?
Sorry, I just meant traumatic in the sense that its already kind of a scary procedure (at least for some)...and to lay this kind of legislation on women really goes to show how fucked up many of the people in power are.
Ehh, if he wasn't telling you that you couldn't take a medication then I would agree, but it sounds like he was telling you that you couldn't smoke in the backyard. That seems fair, because you can get alternate mediums or go elsewhere to do it. I wouldn't want people smoking in my house, whatever the reason.
If a person is drunk you can generally tell when it's to the point you really shouldn't be having sex with them.
How long until super right wing terrorism is replaced by the disgruntled extremist leftists start having a crack at stuff over crap like this?
Are you kidding me right now?  THR isn't feminist propaganda, and sexism definitely exists.  Are you a woman?  I am, and trust me, sexism is a thing women have to deal with every day.  And there is an imbalance in certain fields because women are encouraged/discouraged to go into certain fields solely because of their gender.  &gt;Girls like education and health fields more than engineering.  That just isn't true--you can't make sweeping generalizations like that.  Those are fields that since their inception have been dominated by one gender--it's going to take some time until they balance out because they are still seen as being the domain of one gender.  But that in no way means that "girls don't like engineering."  And maybe women don't want to be directors because they know that they will get no respect in the industry and not receive the same budgets (*especially* if they've already directed a flop) as their male colleagues.
Why are you even thinking about cleaning if it's his family visiting? Just stop doing it.
The relatively small official boundaries of the St. Louis city limits often cause it to get listed on 'most dangerous' cities, or other similar lists.  The city limits only includes the historical city boundaries (from the 1800s).  Unlike most cities it doesn't include even the inner ring suburbs or any of the later sprawl.  This makes it look much worse with any per-capita crime statistics, as they look at a smaller population and only the relatively-higher-crime portions of the city.  It fares much better when statistics include the surrounding St. Louis County as well.  https://nextstl.com/2016/05/better-alternative-dangerous-cities-ranking-st-louis-kansas-city/
Because reddit is not a public place. You can not censor someone using a private service. You do not have the right to use reddit. It's a privilege.
I wish that every child had a role model in their life that provided support and inspiration like this woman has provided this child. There's not enough of it going around these days. Thank you for taking time out of your day to truly and sincerely respond to her post; I'm sure it will impact her in immeasurable ways.
I'm truly sorry you feel that way... If it makes you feel any better I hated the way I looked when I was younger too and I'm white.  My dad was black and I couldn't stand my big nose. Kids made fun of me for it and it just, sucked.  You're young, please do the difficult thing and give self love everything you've got, take care!
I was told to go to a local rep once about a law that was preventing certain young Australians (by birth) from obtaining passports. Never heard a word about it. Sorry for the cynicism but I don't think pollies give a royal fuck about anything. :\
45 yo white dad here. It makes me sad as a parent that there are kids of any color, gender, background, or orientation out there hurting like this. You were born the way you are and that's beautiful no matter what. You do you and ignore the media, which is trying to make us all fit into a single mold. Media is one of the worst things out there damaging kids...I'm sorry to say that I haven't thought about how much harder that might be for a young black woman. Talk to someone that you trust about it though. It might help you jump over this hurdle.
 I'm so sorry. Please don't let anyone tell you this was your fault. It was rape, no excuses. Lots of love &lt;3
I don't see the correlation between feminism and people being banned...????
&gt; There is no rule that a couple can't have trashed drunk sex.   Actually there *is* a rule that a couple can't have sex where one of them is so drunk he or she is incapable of understanding what's going on.  This isn't mere drunkenness, but if OP is accurately describing the man's condition as completely incoherent, there's a real chance he was mentally incapacitated.  That would make this rape or some degree of sexual assault depending on the state.
Yet Reddit can, as a private concern, set rules and terms of use and those forbid these bots.  It's not a crime, but it's against the guidelines set by Reddit itself.
It's a human and a life well before 9 months (in fact, before anyone knows they're pregnant); that's just biology. If people don't value it (or any other lives for that matter), fine, but arguing for abortion on the grounds that it's not a human life or isn't alive yet is just starting with a premise rejected by contemporary embryology.   Edit because this keeps getting downvoted: feel free to keep downvoting, but there's little that should be controversial here. I'm not saying stop abortions; I'm saying that whether or not we consider them "persons," they're individual members of the human species that are alive.
Hi stpeagma. I'm a 42yo adult male and have a basketball player's height. Once I hit my growth spurt life became pretty challenging. It wasn't just that over the course of a few years I went from being a white male to being a *tall* white male, from being cute to not being cute, but I also had a lot of issues with my parents.   At the time I wasn't able to separate these issues and lumped them all onto being abnormally tall. Only now, many years later looking back do I realize there was a clear difference. Being black, a woman, and not cute is a tough one. I'd imagine that the vast majority are looking at the most popular girl in class and wishing they were her. But these are traits you can't do anything about. They will always bring you pain, but that pain will make you a better person. That pain will make you a mensch. For better or worse it's there and you are just going to have to accept it.   My advice to you is to focus on the relationship you have with your parents. I wish I could go back in time and tell 13 year old me to tell them to go f@ck themselves sooner than later. It would have really sped things along. Lol. But my relationship with my parents was actually a much bigger deal, a larger source of pain, and one that I had some power over.   Not that things are great now. But they do get better.
Don't most teens feel that way at some point? especially girls? This too shall pass.
You can love yourself because there is absolutely nothing wrong with you and you are a perfectly made human.
"muh censorship"
This post has been removed. Please repost this without the [RANDOM] tag, as this subreddit does not moderate in accordance with that tag. Posts with misleading tags can lead to confusion by the community regarding moderation standards.   Tags supported are: [Support], [TW], [Trigger Warning], [NSFW], and [IFF]. If your tag was one of these, please [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwoXChromosomes) so we can fix it.   [You can check out our Moderation Policy here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy) Thank you!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TwoXChromosomes) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Start by not hating something that you can't control. Being alive is the best gift regardless of skin tone. I don't know your life and situation but at 13 years old you will have s long time in front of you to come into your own and love everything about you. Stay positive girl. You'll grow into s strong black woman... I am s black male and it breaks my heart to see sisters saying this. Girl black is beautiful and don't you forget it ! :)
Really sorry to hear this happened to you.  I'm shocked that they could keep you and not tend to medical issues, the pregnancy or kidneys! Hope things are better for you now.
&gt; Heck, maybe they've even decided its okay to take advantage of the passed out partner. That is not rape.   Morally you might believe this or you might not but it is absolutely legally rape to have sex with someone who is unconscious or otherwise literally incapable of saying "no" in all 50 states.
I'd suggest that you go protest that you can't film inside of a mall because it's a private business, but you probably don't leave the house very often.
I think a lot of people have the feeling that feminism became a force primarily concerned about shutting down voices they deem to be inappropriate, which i don't get since I think that feminist ideas are good enough to compete with different opinions
What are the police going to do? He didn't break any laws.
I'm three children stacked up inside of a trenchcoat. This was better than R-rated movies and tall people rides put together.
Go to the police? For what? What prosecutable offense did the guy do?     "Hi officer.  This guy may have implied he recorded a video of me on Skype."  "Were you naked"  "Well, no."  "Did he threaten to share it?"  "Well, no"  "What's his name?"  "I don't know."
Did any one in this thread actually listen to the hearing? She embarrassed herself, plain and simple, and made that crook Sessions look better in doing so.
"Hysterical" is cognate with "hysterectomy" -- they both come from the Greek word for uterus.
Friend, first I want to say that I'm sorry you are struggling. I really am. A child is a life-altering event and I wish you and she didn't have to experience it in this way.   That said, I read the messages and I think she is being entirely honest with you about the problems she is having, and what she wants and needs. I know that doesn't make it any easier to hear for you (being in the middle of it as you are), but from an outside perspective: her intentions are crystal clear. She does not feel the same way about the relationship as she did before. Period.  I've read before (and experienced personally) that the one to two year mark is when that "new relationship" excitement begins to die down. The salad days are over, your chemicals are no longer going crazy, and you start to realize whether or not this is actually a person you want to work with as a partner long term. It's a big part of the reason many people are "serial girlfriends/boyfriends." Oftentimes, moving in with someone will also alter your perception of the relationship, for good or ill. It seems to me that she has reached that crossroads (unfortunately for both of you, with a baby involved) and knows the path she wants to take. There is no one thing you did wrong. This is simply the natural progression of (most) relationships.   She is being honest with you that she wants this to hurt as little as possible by not dragging this out. I tell you this as a woman who still feels great regret over having been in her position (though not pregnant) and choosing to artificially prolong the relationship because of my boyfriend's emotional reaction to my honesty ("this isn't working for me anymore"). In my situation, it got worse for both of us, and in yours I truly believe she is trying to spare you that added pain.   You are still reeling from this. It's understandable, especially with a baby involved. But I think what you need to do right now is take her words to heart, take a step back, and try to focus on the relationship you will have to build as co-parents rather than emotional partners. It may be that she will change her mind down the road, but do not count on it. You cannot expect it of her, or of yourself.   Best wishes.
She's part of an investigative committee though.
Damn, that's a lot to go through.  I thought initially I'd sympathize with her but her last few messages kind of struck a bad chord with me. Particularly where she says "You're absolutely fucking right that I d know my cycle and know when I can and can't get pregnant. I'm not an idiot, I wanted this baby, I've always wanted babies"  Is there anyway she was using you for children? That just comes off really...strange to me. Only together for about a year, get pregnant and 3-4 months in she's not into you anymore but more than happy to keep her baby and pregnancy.   Did you guys talk about your future at all, was there a baby talk, was this a plan?  I don't think she's cheating but I do think it may have very well been the honeymoon period and now it's over and she's fine with that and you're (obviously) not.
This is correct. Bras are a trick of engineering and are each designed very differently depending on their purpose.   As someone who has worked in high-end lingerie, I can say there are a variety of European companies who produce very well designed bras for a variety of size ranges and purposes. They are not cheap (think $120+), but last for years with proper care and I've found them to be very comfortable. I know anyone who is outside the realm considered normal by American designers (most women are NOT a 36B), have difficulty finding comfortable bras, because the ones they purchase actually don't fit properly. Go to a proper lingerie store and get fitted - if they bring out a measuring tape leave, that's not how its done!
Care to elaborate?
Those are two different jobs. If you want to be seen as a senator act like a senator. If you want to be seen as a prosecutor, then act like a prosecutor.  A prosecutor presents and "sells" a case to the jury with the intent on winning.  There is no intent to understand......that ship has sailed by the time the court date arrives.  Speaking over anyone who is trying to answer your question is not "doggedness", it's rude. It doesn't hold up in a court of law (sustained, allow the witness to answer the question) and does not move your argument forward in a senate Q&amp;A, it simply shows you are only listening to respond and trying to win an argument as opposed to listening to understand.
Is the police officer getting results?
&gt;So you see, those claiming they see racial or sexual discrimination are mistaken.  The quote you highlighted from the article actually proves the point. Her behavior was not unusual, and yet she gets called 'hysterical' and her line of questioning was interrupted at this hearing and at a previous hearing within the same week. Do you see a problem here?
Eh, it's for the same reason we don't have modular shoes: the pieces all tend to wear down at the same rate, so you'd end up replacing a lot of it all at the same time. Additionally, bras have straps going in all different directions, all of which need to be attached with varying amounts of metal clasps. There are too many single points that could need to be replaced. The average consumer is not going to want to run to the store on a weekend to buy a single bra strap-and-clasp combo, then head home to disassemble their clothing, remove the offending bits, and reassemble the entire thing.  It's easier to just buy two or three new bras here and there and replace the entire thing as needed.
I'm a guy and even I know that ' *if in doubt, test again* '...  Those things are not 100% accurate and you can get a false negative at the best of times, plus if your hormones are all over the place anyway and your cycles are irregular and you have doubt's - it is entirely possible to get a false negative.   Easy problem to solve though! Just re-test ...
Missouri does it again.  Edit: Well shit it's in Michigan lol
No, I spent about 20 seconds thinking about it. All you have to do is read her post, which is obviously quite irrational and indicative of some strange thought processes.
Or it could be we are on a subreddit for women and hence talkin about what women face. I'm not a guy so I don't know what you face nor claim to. You decided I have all these opinions when I clearly don't. I don't know what men go through cause I'm not one, clearly you know exactly what women go through so keep claiming what I feel
This is Us. Better Call Saul.
Meetup groups can be good with that if you have the patience for them.
An unwanted child will have a much worse life. Giving birth to a child that is unwanted or that has little to no support available will ruin your life, the child's life, and the involved male's life if you so choose to involve him. Freedom of choice is important in this matter to insure that all children are raised in the best ways possible.
She wasn't planning on telling him anyway so I don't think she needs his support. She's made that clear by doing that all on her own.  Edit: and as you put it yourself it's a simple medical procedure, nothing to it really.
Because they were raised in drama. I could give you a more complex answer, but that's pretty much it.  Other reason for the specific situation you're sharing, maybe she doesn't know you. You wrote, "Anyone that knows me knows that I will always share my food or whatever I have." Well, maybe she doesn't know you and she was afraid to ask for your food?   Maybe it would have helped for you to communicate that the tray was for all? Put a sign on it. "Help yourself". This spares people from having to annoy you with asking, and it also teaches them what kind of a person you are.   I used to work for a famous organization, the name of which I won't mention, that was just like this. Everyone, from the lower schlubs to the very top, assumed everyone knew everything. The whole G-D place ran on assumptions, not on actual COMMUNICATION. It was a really f-ed up place to work because if you came into a situation and started asking questions, people treated you as if you were a dummy because you didn't know - as if their knowledge, which they acquired from years of working there, was supposed to trickle down to all the new employees vis Extra Sensory Perception and not actual words.   I did not do well there because I was the "dummy" who needed actual WORDS to inform me of stuff. I like procedures and policies. I like structure. I am not comfortable with ESP - it's not reliable.   Anyway, next time, post a frickin' sign by the food telling everyone they can have some. Don't assume people know.
So if she cares about her marriage she better get on birth control? You are out of your damned mind.
That's what I was thinking... "hey let's meet for coffee" type thing.
'something must have gone wrong', wow. What an ass.
If it's four times, the same guy, and he's purposefully moving around the tram to get to you, then that is strange and I can understand why you feel this way.  Perhaps he's simple/has another issue, but that should not equate to staring, strangeness or whatever.  I'd assume poor social skills regardless since he's hardly saying anything to you, so confronting him and saying "don't touch me!" may not be a great plan.  I'd suggest starting a conversation with him on the tram when there are other people there, trying to understand a little better what he's about.  If he's infatuated, say thanks, say you have a boyfriend and make it clear you aren't "available".  If he's genuinely just awkward as fuck, this should let him get the hint rather than you needing to move route.
Had to double check what subreddit I was in...
I've brought bras in the past with removable/interchangeable see-through straps, and they would unhook themselves. I can imagine similar mechanisms for your plan, unless you could find a way to make the hooks more secure.
That's kind of how TwoX is as a default. The comments here already demonstrate the problem.
Mods must be asleep.
What life altering decision? It would change their lives to have a child, having an abortion is a decision not to alter their lives.
Yep. I don't remember when or why I started but I like it.
Ideally Monday to Thursday he should be home for dinner. You shouldn't stay out late drinking if you have to go to work the next day.   And if you want him to take you out, or you want to go out with your friends, you have to bring it up and make it happen.
Let me change it. Someone holds a gun to your head and says: "You will have sex with me, yes?" you respond "yes" and have sex. Is that rape?
It sucks to say but this is absolutely the case. If you decide to keep the baby you can't 100% plan for your SO sticking around. Them saying they supports any decision you make doesn't mean they have to be present for it.  Now they could also totally stick it out and that's be great. However it's always best to plan for worst case scenario. Planning for your SO being there and suddenly them not being there anymore is a whole lot worse than planning for them not being there and that being the case.
Since he already programs as a hobby will the boot camp really offer him anything?
Kids annoy me.  My niece does not.   It's just different when they're close to you or yours a lot of the time.   Everyone hates the sound of crying.   But if his only reason is that other children annoy him, that's not going to go away in the future.   It's going to set back your debt and travel. But once you travel, new places you want to go will pop up. The cycle continues.   If it's not the right time, that's ok too. But it should really be a decision you make together with full honesty. You can the last call, but to avoid future resentment/regret, you need to have a long talk together.
This is my issue. Due to my weigh distribution, weird breast shape, and narrow shoulders even a properly fitted bra is uncomfortable. I dropped $200 on bras recommended by r/abrathatfits and they were all just as uncomfortable as what I'd been wearing previously. I'm back to sports bras because I can move in them, they're relatively supportive, and they're cooler in the summer months.
I always want to but in the moment my brain just doesn't work.
I like this!
Thanks and yeah the following me into that area made me feel soo weird.
Do you live near a planned parenthood?  Also I asked a similar question on r/birthcontrol and got great answers. :) It's a great sub to check out especially when your parents won't help you.
Any pain or negative experiences with it?
You should talk to your doctor and try one out. I had one for 2yrs, hated it. It made things hurt during sex for me and my man.  I'm sure it's not the same for everyone. You won't know until you try.
30G/GG, sometimes 28GG/H. Super squishy, pillowy bags of yellow fat.  I wear wire-free sports bras and wired unlined bras.  I love it when a bra fits, because it means (even if its just for an hour) I'm not popping painkillers, having headaches or immobilized by back pain. But god, it's such a search for finding a correctly fitting bra. 90% of the bras I buy get returned within 1 day and the other 10% get modified for the perfect fit.   I wear bras in my sleep (and a rolled up towel in between breasts) otherwise I wake up in pain. If you need or want a bra, wear it. I'm more frustrated at the lack of knowledge and pricing when it comes to bras. For some people bras are justpretty fabric, just a nice piece of lingerie. Bras are as important to me as having menstrual products so I can live a semi-functioning life.  Do I need to say this? Yes I do need bras for exercise. There's nothing like doing a handstand in yoga class and having your own breasts smack you in your mouth.
Sex isn't always consensual...should all sex be treated like it's rape then? Not everyone operates their vehicle legally...should no one be allowed to drive?  Just because some porn breaks the law does not mean you act like all of it does. And where are you basing that it contributes to anything? How exactly do societies that ban porn compare to ones that don't?
And you deserve to take care of your body!
Living in South Africa, and being Afrikaans, our parents basically use how terrible pregnancy and labour is as birth control 😂😂😂
really? What part? I live in New york and I've never heard someone refer to a group as y'all.
Because their age implies their experience in business, and their time spent working for the company to be much greater than mine? Because their age made it feel harder to be assertive about them not touching me than if they had been my age? Because one of the people who witnessed what they did told me "Ah they're old guys who cant handle their drink, *shrugs* Whatcha gonna do, huh?". Becauae their age *should* imply that they would know better than to grope and restrain a colleague against their will?   And *of course* it matters who did it. This is two guys in a position of power over me, not my direct managers but well placed to make my career prospects take a severe dive.
I didn't realize how uneducated I was myself. This was really eye opening. Thank you for being so open and honest about it.
Have you checked out if you might have pelvic floor dysfunction? It's common enough after childbirth and has a lot to do with the peeing yourself, painful sex issues. I underwent pelvic floor therapy for it and I'm 95% better.
&gt;I argued that it’s both violent and unhealthy and fuels the rape culture and sex slavery here in the US  What are you basing that off of?
Stop. Just stop.  They have names and you should have enough respect for them to use those names.
Learn everything you can and be careful. Also you can buy tons of pregnancy tests and use them whenever you're worried. Even though logically I know I'm careful, just the confirmation makes me feel much better.
No one talks about how hard it is, because then they would be accused of complaining. On the flip side, sometimes when you are newly pregnant you seem to attract all the people who want to talk about their horror stories.  I appreciate how hard it is, but I can't say it was that specifically hard on me.  But there were effects later on, that I felt like I had no right complaining about, so I kept my mouth shut and made excuses and/or hid it. Things that affect me to this day, and my youngest is almost 10 years old.
This!
Whats your top three issues with video and photography?
How many babies have you had? None I'm guessing.
Not smoking.
Reading all these comments I can't help but wonder why anyone would want to have children. I might be speaking from a different view sense both me and my girlfriend are infertile, but just the thought of her going through all this pain and with a high possibility of dieing it's just too much of a risk. I'm very sorry for all that you've suffered along with other people here sharing their stories.
I think it's alot like having pets. Some people just jump in and think about how much fun it will be, and others do intense research for months beforehand.   This is one of the reasons I won't be having kids. The risks are insane, I have a high likelihood of a bedridden high-risk pregnancy, and the thought of the pain and messed up sex life just doesn't work for me.   I'm so glad you are talking about this. I don't get why the production behind creating another life is still taboo, it makes no sense.   Good luck with your baby, and yourself.
Well, you have to eat more because as well as keeping yourself maintained as usual, you need extra energy to help a tiny speck grow into a newborn baby. Calculating exactly how much extra you need to eat isn't an exact science, so women usually eat more rather than less of what's necessary. But pregnancy doesn't make you fat.
That's how I see it. Maybe I just tell him it is this years hot new show and leave it at that.
I get why texting works for you.   This could be my age showing (39) but nothing beats an actual call or fade to face meetup to build friendships.
Sounds like a plan to me. Enjoy!
I knew that I already didn't want children knowing some of the things it can do to your body and mind, but my goodness after reading this I REALLY don't want children. It's pretty frustrating and annoying hearing from people saying "Oh you'll change your mind, you'll want kids" or "You'll regret not having kids", like NO I do not want kids, ever, I'll stick with taking care of pets thank you.
It sounds silly, but I learned so much from online forums (thebump dot com) before getting pregnant.   I considered myself well educated beforehand, but I was sorely mistaken!  I learned so much about ovulation, pregnancy,  birth and the post partum experience. It was so incredibly helpful.
I have chosen not to have kids for several reasons, including not wanting to go through the experience my mom had when she gave birth to me.  I heard about the nightmares and lingering injury my entire life, and it was truly awful for her and other mothers I've spoken with.  Now, as an adult, I've had the chance to witness many births, and some are horrible, but many, many are just fine.  Many more go smoothly than are horrible.  Most are over in 4-6 hours with a stitch or two or none.  Most of the women have epidurals and go home the next day.  Yes, it can be terrible, but it doesn't have to be, and it's usually not.  It's true there are some things women can do to decrease their chances of a bad birth, but the scary part is that there is luck involved and not everything is under anyone's control.  It's too late for me, but if I were to do it all over knowing what I do now, I'd be more willing to take a chance on going through with pregnancy and birth.
Flintstones Complete! Chewable, have iron and folate
When using vitamins make sure its the kind that will actually absorb when you take them. I've ran into that issue with calcium before so I'm not sure if it's a similar concept. Drink plenty of water to make those minerals absorb and do their job, and take it after eating not before.
Ask your husband how he feels. I doubt he'd be comfortable with you getting "coffee" with a pervious affair partner to "catch up". What do you have to catch up about that's more important than trust in your marriage?
I hope you will consider that what is known beyond question is that children do best when their parent or parents can create a supportive environment that provides for their material and emotional needs. Families of all sorts can produce happy, healthy, well adjusted children, but it's all the harder when necessary resources are withheld and those parents are forced to fight battles just for recognition.
You think they are against them, even when they are being heroic and helpful?
Was just going to post something similar. Removing a mass is a lot more work then popping in an implant
Cowgirls don't cry. Love this story.
This screamed Minnesotan to me lol.  I'm glad you still do these things with you dad. My dad taught my how to fish and everything. He always brought me with when I asked, even though he knew I would get bored relatively quickly.  He was a good dude.
Why would you think this behaviour arises?   As a guy growing up with more girls as friends, I have noticed this many times, the levels of cruelty girls had towards other girls never ceased to baffle me, even worse how little others cared about it, and how normal, and frequent, it all was.
I said the same thing in another thread! I hate this whole "having a baby ruins your body" mentality. It just isn't true. My body looks exactly the same. Boobs look the same. No stretch marks. Vagina is still great lol  Honestly, this whole "ruined after pregnancy/birth" nonsense is not doing anyone any favors.
I'm afraid it's you who need a better understanding, especially if you really are a paralegal. So let me be clear:  In most states, a person is only legally considered incapable of consenting if they’re literally passed out and unconscious as the result of drinking or using drugs.  There is a reason for this.  OP may have initiated sexual contact. You don't know and neither does she. That's the whole point.  As she stated, she gets "flirty" when drunk. It's not up to the recipient of a sexual advances to have a breathalyzer on hand.  And even if she wasn't an initiator, she may have been an eager and receptive participant. Again--she doesn't know, and neither do we!  Whether or not a sexual encounter is rape is not based on regret the next morning or whether you remember the encounter. It's based on whether there was consent at the time the sex took place.   Alcohol effects everyone differently. There are many people who act perfectly rational and may even appear sober when they're on the verge of alcohol poisoning.  To summarize:  1) She may have initiated. It's not up to the boys to tell her, "No, you're too drunk." (Although that would've been smart, I'm guessing they were drunk, too)  2) She may have consented. Courts have upheld that even if somebody doesn't remember consent, consent is possible. After all, you consent to many things when intoxicated. That doesn't preclude you from making decisions--or being responsible for those decisions.  To declare these boys guilty of rape without additional facts is absurd.
As a whole, I don't agree it should all like with one partner. However, if she has a mental block with him asking, it might be a way for her to try to work past it. She says she wants sex, but doesn't like it when he asks. It's not a permanent solution, but it might be a way to try to work past whatever her mind has that is against him asking. Just something different to try out to see if it helps anything.
I've seen those machines in so many bathrooms, not a single one was stocked and they probably haven't been for years.
I gave a man the middle finger once when he shouted something nasty at me, but I think that just made him like me more, because he laughed and said, "Yep, that's the one that I want!" That backfired quickly...
No idea why. Drives me crazy. I'M LITERALLY THROWING MONEY AT YOU!
I will!  And I'll definitely be the one thrown under the bus. He has made mistakes before - many mistakes - that while he has gotten the rap for them, I have had to personally correct them.
People are idiot. Alcohol is poison and your body takes time to recover and expel it. One solution is to accept a drink of wine but never drink it, so they don't add more in it but still feel you are drinking with them. You can also fake driking. BUT you may also say you want something else like a fruit juice. Then you can leave without drinking.   Just show you don't care. Get a beer but drink something else. let it lie somewhere. They don't really care about what you drink actually.
This is such a good story, thank you for sharing! I expected something else but was humbly surprised.
We should all strive to be like /u/carlinha1289's dad!
We're damned if we do and damned if we don't. Basically, if we didn't want to be raped or harassed, we wouldn't go outside without our fathers or husbands. And it's not rape when they rape us. I'd also like to ask these "just ignore it" dudes if they ever holler at women, what inspires them to do it. We all know that we don't expect a woman to turn around and hand the dude her digits, so why?
If you had to ask, then yes he is. From what you say, yes he is using you. Please end this and ask him to leave before you are ripped off any further and get your feelings hurt even more. I agree that the feelings of "love" that you have are just brain chemicals messing with your head. You deserve someone who treats you much better than him.
You are a fashion victim. I'm sorry :(
I can relate. I also have no female friends but a few male ones thanks to the few social hobbies I have being mostly male dominated (i.e. tabletop games) and living in a very small town with my boyfriend. Although I value our relationship very much, he simply doesn't get the envy I feel when I see girl friends out in public. My not so secret fear is that we will one day be engaged to be married and I will not have a single close female friend to be a bridesmaid. I have some from school, but at 24 we have all left our hometown and only keep in touch sporadically. It sucks.
Thank you for sharing your story. Its an inspiration to others to hear what a valiant fight you put up every day. Don't ever stop. Keep moving forward with your therapy and don't hesitate to change meds or adjust dosage if that helps. I know that can be a long and frustrating process in itself. I also know there are lots of emotionally unhealthy people in the world and dealing with them in a healthy way can be a real challenge. We can get intertwined, tangled up and end up hurt if we aren't careful. But keep fighting and please keep sharing your story. Honestly other people need to hear you speak this. There are tons of hurting people out there and hearing someone else's story can be healing. God bless. May you be encouraged in your fight. May you have many days ahead full of joy, peace and happiness.
Yes our religion is against your hedonism. We don't think that sex is just something any two random people do to say hi in a bar. We believe it should be within a marriage for the purpose of conception.  That's not misogynist, that's called having morals and values.  And if you don't like it, you can always find one of the 50 or so "liberal" protestant churches, I'm sure they'd be fine with you going around having sex for pleasure.
Everyone owns their own concept of Morality... \\
I have thought of the names and ages of my would be children a lot. I never carried them and don't understand what you're going through. I only know it still affects me even if I never regret the choices my partners made. I wish I had advice but I'm rooting for you.
My mom died recently too. The best things I will tell you is that when you see her in your dreams, even if you realize its a dream.... just let it go because its really neat.
You obviously aren't the brightest
Does it really matter how viewership is higher?  The fact is that the Women's US Soccer team draws more attention than the US Male Soccer team, and they get paid less.  As for pay, they aren't paid by FIFA, they are paid by the US Soccer Federation or whatever it is called.
Yes. You are being used. Don't worry about him being "the love of your life". I have had three of those. There will be others for you.
Thank you for your very detailed response. It's helped to relieve some of the anxiety! Not all, but hey I'll take what I can get at this point.
Next on the agenda: Driving a car, swimming in public, supporting women competing in sports..
I'm saudi female i live in Riyadh . I don't belive this is real .
The way not all criticism of Islam itself is hateful.
Most countries gave women this right since literally forever; this isn't gay marriage, it's women being able to leave their house.
You sure?
Where did you get your list of salaries from?
That's completely different. Sometimes I get kids who say things like, "People call me Bob instead of Robert because it's just easier." But in some cases I can tell they don't like it, so I always ask them what they prefer. If a student has an unusual name and makes it clear that's what they prefer, I ALWAYS respect their preferences.
Next on the agenda: Driving a car, swimming in public, supporting women competing in sports..
I prefer our laws over theirs.  But as far as "culture" is concerned, I bet they'll say the same with equal condescension.
Sure. But that's irrelevant here.
Interesting. I am leaning towards planned C-section as I would prefer to avoid tearing (among many, many other reasons).
Be an adult, or break it off whatever just don't go wandering once you made a commitment.
If this lust is the only issue, I'd consider therapy. I wouldn't throw away a loving happy relationship because your hormones are acting up like a 16 year old. There are far more important things in life. Lust is just on the surface, love in farther than skin deep. After lust is gone, you have nothing. Whereas with love, it prevails. This is a 5+ year relationship and you are madly in love. No, I wouldn't walk away because you are having fantasies. Sexual experiences is not worth it, IMO. Therapy, asap, is what I suggest.   EDIT: But at the end of the day, it is your choice. You have to make it. If you walk away, sure you can have sex with lots of people, but you may lack love and connection. Either decision, see a therapist.
You keep using these semantics. My point is it doesn't matter why they've *decided* to kill. If I shot someone in self-defense, that blood would still be on my hands, only it would be justified.  Is that your argument? That you're fine with murdering babies as long as its justified?   What about [Debbie Goad](https://youtu.be/_L_i9jb1EdQ?t=5m51s), infamous zine publisher?  She literally admits to getting abortions for no reason other than she wants to kill them. And yet, according to you, because it was an abortion... *it still wasn't murder*!
He has no reason that he wants to tell you. His reason is obvious. He wanted sexual stimulation from women who were not you, and a lot of them.  I don't know why you are curious, his reasons are obvious.  He wants multiple women, you want to be his only woman. You two are totally incompatible.
Let's look at this another way: do you think race is relevant in, say, the Tamir Rice case?   The fact is that in real life, sometimes, people don't do their job because of their biases. In this case, we have a shooter who can be inferred to have political beliefs that are likely closer to, or at least more beneficial to, officers like the one involved than the politicians he was attacking. That simple fact has turned what should be expected of an officer in that post into a profound statement on rule of law and faith in the system during a particularly divided time for the country.   Saying her sexuality isn't relevant to what she did is like saying the faith of that Imam in the UK who protected the guy who attacked his mosque wasn't relevant. We should always celebrate when people do what they're supposed to do, but we should celebrate it even more when something makes it harder to want to do.
Thanks for the wishes.  The sadness has faded now but I expect it to come back again when I am an old lady and am sad for not having any kids.  I think a paper lantern would be fine. I can't remember what I did with my letter, whether I burned it or buried it or if it is hanging around somewhere.  Its nice to think your baby's soul will come back to you when the time is right.
Framing your picture sounds really nice.
Thank you so much for telling me what I needed to know.  Thank you.
Its beautiful how he came through for you and you are closer than ever.
I'm sorry, you're the one changing the "goalposts".  I have explained to you how it is not Murder, your original post. I answered it with sources. Now you're trying to use emotional statements to try to force an opinion as fact. It is not a fact.  A fact is that a fetus cannot survive on it's own, cut the umbilical cord or remove the placenta and it stops growing, it dies. There is no way around it. If it has developed enough to survive in a NICU and does not have severe health abnormalities, it is born through either induced labor or C-section, and this is sometimes done even if a woman doesn't want to undergo an abortion, but it puts the mother at risk if there is a medical problem, even with just the pregnancy. A late term abortion is ONLY ever done in a case of medical necessity, I'm sorry you cannot understand this.  I have no idea who that woman is, and she has nothing to do with the conversation.  An abortion *is not murder*.  Please do medical research.
And for some people that anxiety passes after an uneventful exam. For others it persists, and for yet others it's related to the actual cause of penetration difficulties. Working up the nerve to try it once without meds could help op narrow down the source of the problem faster, so it's worth advocating. If she can't bring herself to do it even knowing that, then I'm sure there are pharmacological options. I wouldn't be surprised if a doctor offered a benzo instead of nitrous, myself, though.
Thankyou for your prayers... my suicidal thoughts come and go, usually they are worse in the mornings. I've never been religious, but i have found solace in prayers, even if they are just for me, to me. X
&gt;Right back at you sunshine.  Yeah, this has basically been your entire come back game from the start. "No you!"   &gt;You started sounding lime a broken record long before that happened.  The only time I have repeated myself is when I had to respond to you just copy pasting all of your previous insults and then changing one or two words. I'm not the one who started the "your wrong but are two dumb to notice". That was you. And then you just basically said that same thing over and over and over again with slight differences each time.
i went through the same thing but with added pain in my ovaries, long and heavy periods, and cystic acne. i went to my gyno and they diagnosed me with PCOS. i highly recommend you go get it checked out if it's really bothering you! once you find the reason for it, it'll be easier to treat!
That is an excellent comment.
I don't know this individual so i can't say for sure,but judging from the description of events it sounds like textbook head games behaviour. Especially the "i am upset and don't want to talk about it" part.Sounds like you made the healthy decision to me.Good on ya mate.
I carry tear gas mace and a handheld taser. Both fit well in my purse and are small enough to carry in hand without them being obvious!
Vaginal. My mom had one of each and said it was just stunning how much shorter the recovery time is on vaginal vs c section
Do you have some studies handy?  I'd like to get educated.  The most current study I found regarding "dormancy" was 2014 and said the opposite.  Edit:[American Cancer Society](https://www.cancer.org/cancer/cancer-causes/infectious-agents/hpv/hpv-and-cancer-info.html) &gt;Most HPV types cause warts on skin of the arms, chest, hands, and feet. Other types are found only on the body’s mucous membranes. Mucous membranes are the moist surface layers that line organs and parts of the body that open to the outside, such as the vagina, anus, mouth, and throat. **The HPV types found on mucous membranes do not live on the skin**. They’re sometimes called genital HPV. Here, we are talking about genital HPV. Genital HPV is not the same as HIV or herpes.   Edit 2: [Angelika Iftner, Stefanie J. Klug, Claus Garbe, Andreas Blum, Alice Stancu, Sharon P. Wilczynski and Thomas Iftner DOI:  Published November 2003](http://cancerres.aacrjournals.org/content/63/21/7515.short) &gt;This is supported by statistical analysis, where after adjusting for age, gender, and sun exposure, the odds ratio for nonmelanoma skin cancer in patients who were **DNA positive for the high-risk mucosal HPV types, 16, 31, 35, and 51 was 59 (95% confidence interval, 5.4–645) with normal skin as controls**. These findings suggest that persistent infections of the skin with high risk genital HPV types recently identified as significant risk factors for cervical cancer may also represent a risk factor for nonmelanoma skin cancer in a nonimmunosuppressed population.  HPV 16 notably being the most common high risk HPV. This study is from 2003. I have not yet found any follow-up/repeat studies nor did I find the peer review on this particular journal. So I searched "scholarly articles HPV skin cancer" hoping to find a follow-up study and found this one:  Edit 3:[Virology Journal20129:309 DOI: 10.1186/1743-422X-9-309©  Zakrzewska et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. 2012 Received: 12 March 2012Accepted: 7 December 2012Published: 17 December 2012 ](http://virologyj.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1743-422X-9-309)  Results &gt;**All biopsies were negative for mucosal/genital HPV types.** Overall, beta-HPV DNA was detected more often in SCC compared to BCC patients (78% vs 55% of total samples).  ...Further studies aimed to compare the biological activity of viral types in tumours and in healthy skin (viral replication and expression, interference of infection with cellular functions) are necessary to understand the role of HPV infection in skin cancer.  So at least I can see that it is of interest. I'd love to see more if you have some.  Edit 3: [**Papillomaviruses can roughly be divided into two tropism groups, those infecting the skin, including the genus beta PVs, and those infecting the mucosa, predominantly genus alpha PVs.** The L1 capsid protein determines the phylogenetic separation between beta types and alpha types and the L1 protein is most probably responsible for the first interaction with the cell surface](https://virologyj.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1743-422X-5-118)  Edit 4: Wow, this is a pretty thorough classification of papillomaviruses in general and seems to support the hypothesis that they are fairly distinctly segregated by environment with mucosal epithelium defining what we typically call sexually transmitted or genital (although infecting other mucosal epithelium). Quite specific about the mucosal epithelium though: [Classification of papillomaviruses Ethel-Michele de Villiers, a Claude Fauquet,b Thomas R. Broker, c Hans-Ulrich Bernard,d,* and Harald zur Hausena a Reference Center for Papillomaviruses, Division for the Characterization of Tumorviruses, Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany b ILTAB, Danforth Plant Science Center, St. Louis, MO 63132, USA c Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35294-0005, USA dDepartment of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, University of California, Irvine, CA 92697-3900, USA Received 2 February 2004; returned to author for revision 9 March 2004; accepted 24 March 2004](http://www.hu.ufsc.br/projeto_hpv/Classification%20of%20papillomaviruses.pdf)
i'm feeling the same way plus i'm taking anti depressants, anti anxiety, and have pcos. it's a nightmare and i feel so bad for my partner.
This is really tough, I mean people do change. Life experiences shape us differently than we may have expected. Certainly the loss of your father has to be playing a big part in what you are experiencing. Is it just you and your mom now? You may be feeling just the sorts of feelings that come with loss and life changes.   I don't mean to trivialize the decision to have an abortion, but like you said, you will have an answer in a few days when you take a test. Maybe your gut will give you an answer one way or the other when you look at results.   Hope it works out for the best!
Yes anything can be used negatively but in this case the term be a man means that you should act in a more manly sense. This manliness enforces the gender role of males being strong and manly. I honestly hated it when my dad told me to man up or be a man because there are way more different types of men than the stereotypical tough guy that can make it through anything. Saying be a man is telling someone to be that stereotypical tough guy.
Hey people voted for them... and those people in agreement with this course don't blame politicians.
It's hard to say the risks, but it isn't zero. Personally, I would take a plan B. It will mess with your body, but so will a baby. I would also get tested for STIs. The other option is a copper IUD. It can be inserted up to 5(?) days after an accident for emergency contraceptive. Your almost month long periods are worrying though as the copper IUD is said to make periods heavier/longer.
would take around 5 more years... but I like how you're thinking ;)
Yep, especially when women take that attitude.  If they did any serious research into how things really were for women before we were able to get legal access to both abortion and birth control, and before we were legally able to vote, women with conservative views might realize the past (50 years ago and further back) was NOT good for women at all.  Why they or any woman would want to bring back those dark times for us is beyond me.
I'd say you definitely did the right thing by going the distance. Being physically away from him is definitely good when he sometimes has outbursts like that. However, I'd consider those outbursts to be a sign of mental illness - something he needs help with in the form of therapy. Of course it'd be perfectly acceptable if you never contacted him again, however, if you do, you might want to try to convince him that he needs professional help. If he is as sweet and kind hearted as you described, I'm sure he'd agree. Apart from that, as the others have said, I also hope you find a non abusive relationship that you are happy in.
Good job of self aware self care.
Low risk. The oxygen exposure alone does not kill the sperm. As sperm can survive up to 3 days if it is still in the seminal fluid. However, Id conjure that whatever sperm was on his penis you probably killed it while giving him a hand jog. The vigorous or general rubbing of his penis might have affected the sperm.   Overall the chances of getting pregnant generally is less than 50% for most women. So you have just lessened your odds to about 15%.   My main concern would be an std or sti. Since at some point his penis was not in a condom and you can in contact with it. It's possible you could have become infected with something he had. So I'd pay attention to changes in your health.
&gt;I also am paying this through my bank account that my conservative parents have access to, so if they decide to look at my purchases and this huge charge at planned parenthood I'm screwed.  Go open a bank account in your own name now, transfer about $800 into it. That's at least one thing you won't need to worry about
I've seen this bill pop up a few times on here. After reading the bill, I didn't see the section that allowed firing for being onbirth control. Could someone point out that section of the bill to me? Otherwise it looks like an overzealous headline.
My mom is currently undergoing chemo for ovarian cancer. Had she gone to the gyno last year they would have caught it. Instead they removed one grapefruit sized, and one orange sized ovary from her. It takes like five minutes, get fucking tested.
Stop making everything about men! /s
My step daughter went to planned parenthood, they told her there were two. The clinic has an obligation to be sure you are fully informed. However they do not refer to them as babies, they call them pregnancies. When they do the confirmation ultrasound they point out the "pregnancy". That being said, I agree with previous comments, you left, you have doubt, personally I think the second guessing yourself is an indication that following through with the abortion would cause you tremendous emotional issues. Kids aren't cheap, but if you have love, can clothe and feed them, and keep a roof over their heads they'll be fine and so will you. My kids didn't grow up with all the new gadgets, but our bills were paid and they were happy children.
Is it sexist? No, is it problematic? Absolutely. I really feel like people need to treat all doctors as genderless regardless of circumstances, if they are making you uncomfortable that is one thing, but discomfort by gender alone is certainly bad, even if it isn't necessarily "Sexist". Maybe because I'm in the medical field, but even when I was younger I didn't particularly care if it was a male or female doctor touching my genitals(male btw).   I have posted about this before, but straight up in the US we are about to have(or have already) a shortage of OB/GYNs, partially because right now, many men are opting out of that specialty because more and more women prefer women OB/GYNs, the issue is there simply will not be enough total to treat all the patients.   I think, functionally, we really need to advocate for people to treat medical procedures as strictly medical. At a certain point, you really can't be that choosy, maybe right now you can decide your OB/GYN, but if you are in a geriatric or mental health facility, you aren't going to be able to ensure the gender of the nurse tasked with rotating, cleaning(yes genitals as well), cathing you, etc. At a certain point, it's an inevitability, so I think it's best to get over it as quickly as possible, because right now we are seeing that this preference will have a negative effect on all women's health.
I look at the people in makeupaddiction and marvel at their talents and dedication to helping others. And watching people learn? Make up is just another place for people to support each other and socialize.   My mom was super anti makeup when I was growing up because it was part of her brand of feminism, but I always saw it as self expression so I kinda get my hackles up a bit.
&gt;Then why do we end up sending out so many pathology reports for warts on people's hands/faces/buttcheeks/etc. with diagnoses of HPV 6 or 11, the strains commonly associated with genital warts?  Your response to me was that you "work in a lab" and so I should believe you.  Well if you are putting yourself forth as an expert, then you should be able to answer your own question without feeling put-out or over taxed.  All I have, as a presumably non-expert, is your word as an expert (appeal to authority), that you've seen something that proves your point (anecdotal evidence).  I'm just trying to understand the evidence because I'm not going to go on from here and be happy with "I heard it from someone who says s/he works in a lab that this thing can happen based on this thing s/he says s/he witnessed".  Would you be happy with that? I wouldn't.  I don't work in a lab and I don't know what it means that you're finding "genital" HPV DNA (I presume), in samples from non-genital warts.  Are they just there because they happen to be present on the skin or are they "infecting" the skin?  An infection is different than a presence.  Are there one or two cross-overs?  From what I've found, including a paper that was published yesterday, the clades are distinctly different.
How would you have preferred they worded the headline?  Because it reads pretty dang accurate to me.  edit: also, fyi, there isn't a way to paint the issue in the "right" light.
*Yelling turned to screaming, screaming turned into flipping tables over,     *After he’d have these outbursts of anger he would feel terrible and be kind     *He punched a hole in my door then came over to where I was sitting     *He ripped the door off the closet and it fell in front of me on the bed. He got in my face, said “are you scared?”     *he next day he was back to being incredibly sweet     *He cried and apologized and tried to get me to change my mind       *I miss having him here. I miss him being in life.   It sounds like a textbook example.   [Warning Signs of a Domestic Abuser](http://www.hiddenhurt.co.uk/warning_signs.html)  Your EX-boyfriend  behaves like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde.     Very rarely do abusers conform to the stereotypical image of a constantly harsh, nasty or violent person, either in public or in private. More frequently the abuser portrays a perfectly normal and pleasant picture to the outside world (often they have responsible jobs or are respected and important members of the local community or Church) and reserves the abuse for you in the privacy of your own home. Nor are abusers always overtly abusive or cruel, but can display apparent kindness and consideration. This Jeckyll and Hyde tendency of the abuser serves to further confuse the victim, while protecting themselves from any form of suspicion from outsiders. Many victims describe "sudden" changes in mood - one minute nice and the next explosive or hysterical, or one minute happy and the next minute sad. This does not indicate some special "mental problem" but are typical of abusive personalities, and related to other characteristics such as hypersensitivity.
Ok so not a city but a small town, that is believable. In my experience there is no city in the world where majority of women aren't wearing some form of makeup I.e. Highlighting, mascara, eyebrow pencils or something. Anything not natural to your own body to "highlight" your features is considered makeup
Cool, takes more energy to lift it. So I guess she should be the one to lift it back up.   Except that's not even what's up for debate. It's that women shouldn't even have to put it down and men should have to both lift...and put it down...doing all of the work. For an issue they are already fine lifting the seat up and not demanding people do things for them.
&gt; It's like certain doctors think the risk is higher than others.  This is science in action.  There is no 'correct' answer, just the best guesses by doctors from the literature they have read.  One will say yearly, one will say decadely and cancer groups will echo what is the general opinion.
To waste the doctors time and take an appointment that someone else could have used that day?  Ask over the phone and save everyone the hassle.
Good - bills should written to be as gender/sex neutral as possible.
To be fair I'm sure there's some people here who think it's more okay if it happens to just women. Lots of folks from redpill about so can't blame ya.
Getting a pap test done is not the same as getting bloodwork done. There would be a medical reason to get bloodwork done to fill a prescription, there is no medical reason to get a yearly pap when you're low risk.
She worked in counterintelligence... She probably just died doing some menial thing...
I'm sorry but i will decline. If the doctor cancels my appointment i will find a new doctor then.
Have you tried Accutane? I've never taken it but I've heard it's crazy effective.
Ahahaha, I'm actually somewhat of an early riser, I can shower and relax with a tv show or minecraft or whatever before work.  I also tend to arrive to work early &gt;.&gt;
&gt; I lost all of our mutual friends when I finally told them (6 months after the fact) because they either didn't believe me, or thought it was my fault that things escalated to that point.
I only really wear make up for special occasions, and even then it's nothing fancy - foundation, eyeshadow, blush, lipstick, and maaaybe some mascara. I do kind of wish I could wear it more often and find different styles and colours that suit me, because I find the art of make up fascinating. Buuuut I don't have the money to spend on the stuff people often use nowadays.
Panic attacks are a bit different unfortunately. I've tried both of those but they really didn't help long term.
It doesn't necessarily mean the sex was bad. He could be talking about your demeanor before and after. You said you were nervous.
Realistically he's not going to jail over 2500. That's low level white collar crime. That being said call the credit card company. You'll need to point out that *ALL* the charges are in areas that you don't live, and that you never authorized the opening of the account.   Warn your siblings. Tell them what happened. Tell them what you're going to do prior to doing it as an FYI. You're not asking for permission. Don't allow them to "fix" it for dad. Don't allow them to pay the bill. Likely one will be pissed and one will be a peacemaker.   He's got a lot of pent up anger. He likely blames "liberals" and who knows "immigrants" for most of americas woes. You've now given a face to those groups. He now has a target. If not for those demographics America would be awesome. ::eye roll::  TL, DR: Take care of your finances. He's not going to jail. Limit set with him. Inform your siblings but don't allow them to fix it for him.
V
I'm so glad he's a cop. You're surely not the first/last person he'll help with this.
She's 35 and has 3 other kids who live with their fathers or her mother.   I'd love for her to get her life together but I'm worried at this point she's stuck in her lifestyle.  I'm trying to just be here in the moment and keep caring for my son but the anxiety is killing me. Thank you for replying
A hysterectomy isnt a simply surgery.  My dad had to wait months for his vasectomy because they wanted to make sure a)he has kids already and b)that he's confident he wanted it.  And that procedure can be done in an outpatient appointment... awake. Takes like 20 min if that?   I think the doctors are trying to avoid you regretting a drastic procedure a couple years down the road.
It is according to me, I'm not particularly familiar with  many of our American laws regarding these types of situations, but I still feel as if my opinions on the matter are relevant.   My views on bodily autonomy I stated are geared specifically towards woman and child/fetus. I don't see any room or argument for forcing a woman to remain pregnant if she doesn't want to.   I do feel that at times, bodily autonomy should absolutely be ignored (vaccinations in particular). I am also OK with mandatory blood donations. Denying a possibly psychotic individual from leaving the hospital? Sure.
You win the internet today
Men are less neurotic from a trait perspective.
  Here's what should be happening. One of the first things they should have done is an ultrasound to see if you have fibroids, which can cause heavy bleeding and can possibly be removed if that is the cause.   They should be checking your iron and ferritin levels. If iron is low or ferritin is under 50, then you should be taking iron. It's highly likely it's low if you're bleeding that much.  A doctor isn't typically going to start with a hysterectomy as a first treatment. They would usually go in order from least to most invasive. Birth control pills taken continuously might be a first step to see if that gets the bleeding under control. After that, the next step might be a Mirena IUD which can drastically reduce bleeding (although if your problem was fibroids that might not work, which is why an ultrasound is important). If an IUD didn't work, then the next step is an ablation which burns the lining of your uterus but has a very short recovery period, but also most likely means you would not be able to have children in the future. A hysterectomy is usually a last resort if nothing else worked. It has a long recovery period.  If your doctors aren't doing anything, then you can try different doctors. Just be aware most doctors are not going to start with a hysterectomy until other options have been tried first.
thank you. I hope so. I wish that she could be in his life but she's proving that she doesn't want to be. She has 3 older kids that don't live with her. Either with their fathers or her mom.
Poor lil snowflake, can't handle having other people have different opinions and views.  It's sad really, but the identity theft and collections? Fuck that guy, even if he is your dad, blood isn't thicker than fraud.
How Christian of him, stealing from his daughter like that.
The pro-choice arguement hinges on the concept of bodily autonomy.    It would be unthinkable that I have access to your organs to sustain myself against your will.  In the case of the mother and the organism growing inside her the mother is the host and the organism is a parasite.   Now if I was totally 100% depending on another human it'd upset generally everyone if I was all "get over here share your kidney" and then sewed myself up to them.    Pro-Choice is about bodily autonomy at it's core.    So when somebody murders a pregnant person they are still ending two lives.  And again, to be clear, it's not a matter of murder or not when it comes to abortion it's a matter of bodily autonomy.
1/4900 women die during pregnancy in developing countries.  An abortion to save her life is reasonable, no one argues against it.  If a fetus is a loving thing, is it's death really considered a smaller problem less than anything you listed? Since when is that ever the case anywhere else? Animals? We're talking a thing that is human. Has a mind, a heartbeat and feels pain. Which is why we have a line that varies between 22 weeks and 26 weeks.
I've been around people who've married into the family far more intoxicated than they normally are and, despite looking just like one of their wives, I've never been the recipient of this behavior. Sharing comments like this, especially with the reaction OP describes afterward, suggests something far more toxic when simply thinking it wouldn't. The power differential in this situation alone makes this way different from someone drunk who's DTF.
Congrats man!  I am really happy for you!
Hey, congratulations!  I remember how happy we were when my Dad was five years clear.  Good luck and enjoy life!
I won't change my opinion, and I'll respect yours. Have a nice day
Thank you for writing this. I share a lot of the same feelings, and you put it in words nicely. I also had a miscarriage and then a healthy baby after, but with a lot of spotting and fear during pregnancy. Let yourself feel how you need to feel about it.   I wish you all the best!
Nice nice. Life is gonna get so much better for you! I'm so happy to hear good stories like this😄💜
Congrats my mother's ten year was today!!
That is so cool! =)
Congratulations and best, best wishes!
Teenage boys do less housework than their sisters? Sounds like a completely different world from the one I grew up in, and I'm only in my early 20's. In every situation I experienced or knew of, it was always one of the following - either the parents did all the work, or the guys got lumped with all the labour while our sisters got away with it. Of course, this could just be my experiences only.  This article doesn't really go into detail as to why in areas such as education, men are falling behind. The simple yet complex reason for that, is that women have had a lot of support and extra funding towards improving attainment and success whilst young men have been largely ignored. Literally, there is little-to-no support for guys these days in comparison.  And it's not just in education, men's issues largely get swept under the rug as unimportant, with those speaking up in support of such measures being branded as "misogynists" and "privileged". As a result of a large number of so-called supporters, it's often difficult to separate what is or isn't "feminism".  Anyway, this post isn't really well structured. I've just seen a lot of posts on social media today talking about "male privilege" and how we're infinitely better off than women, and it couldn't be farther from the truth.   We've got our own crap to deal with that gets ignored too, hopefully you guys can agree with that.
No, it's not wrong. You do you. Every choice in life will unfortunately get someone who doesn't like it.
this is the best ever.  Thanks for posting it.
True point but "Oh  why not a doctor?" is a question that pertains to his career, his choice, etc. It's a "I find your career choice 'odd, unique' tell me more about why this field interested you?" Yes that question can be said with judgement but it is still a question that people get everywhere for any profession they are in.  I get asked why I became a librarian all the time. It doesn't bother me unless like wonderfulmeg said it's a conversation about why a pretty girl like me isn't friendlier. And, again, it's because I am there to do a job, not to flirt, not to be passed on to your son (god so many parents try to hook me up with their kids AS I AM WORKING!), and not to be the pretty thing you look at for the day. Hopefully I am explaining the difference I see clearly. Kudos to your brother though I am sure that is very annoying.
You're not obligated to let him set you on fire to keep your family warm. At this point, you may be better off with your family torn apart. Don't sacrifice yourself for him or your family.
This is definitely a downside to any area of work that seems to be gender dominated. I work in education, and the way female colleagues discuss male teaching candidates, or the firemen who come to give CPR training is abhorrent. I can hardly believe my ears. I think it would be great if there was more gender diversity in many fields, as I think attitudes like these would lessen.
It is not that one moment that makes a difference, it's that moments like these are almost constant. At my school, it happens at least three times a week (being dismissed as a fellow professional or future professional, or openly denigrated due to my gender), and some weeks it is every day. Compile this with the fact that every time I do something right, I'm "one of the guys" but when I do something wrong, it's, "See, chicks can't do X."  And it will be like this for the rest of my life. 50+ years. I'm not giving up, I love the future I am headed toward, but it can be exhausting sometimes.
Cultural research shows that a key differentiating factor is the extent to which cultures separate their professional lives from their personal lives.  The US is among the most extreme on the degree to which the two overlap.  This creates significant problems for women in the workplace because they will more commonly be seen by personal attributes - such as gender. And even at work people will interact with them based on personal attributes, such as gender.
You are absolutely right. What I've mentioned to her so far is how all her husband's bullying, tantrum throwing, and petty fight seeking has taken away from all her children, especially the one who needs it most.
Can vouch. Been together 20 years, no sex, good relationship.
"Eh, I don't agree wi-" Mods- "That's a bannable offense"
I have literally responded to the article and the issues it raises and provided sources which contradict several points in the article. Downvote me for disagreeing all you like.
So do I mark it on my golf sheet or down as hypocrisy?
She's honestly lucky she didn't get killed. The first amendment does not extend to so-called "art" such as this as it can be seen as threatening the life of a president. She knew exactly what she was doing and knew exactly what the backlash would be and she is now failing to try and use it against the sitting president in an attempt to create some sort of protest, which in all reality will fail to actually achieve anything anyway.
Please tell me you dropped his drink.
Am I banned; Nvm I'm not autobanned
Yeah that happened to my sister and some friends. Some women in the army highlighted the good parts. They were all sexually assaulted. Great plan.
I'd say that the only place where that would be acceptable would be if there was a party, lounge/bar event. Then it would possibly be ok as long as decent boundaries were respected. And if she showed any sign of disinterest, then immediately disengaging.
If men stop doing this, then the human race stops procreating. We're the ones responsible for getting that done. Do I agree with "harassment" ... no, of course not. But a guy making a fucking pass at a girl at a corporate event... please.
&gt;Except that it's not something everyone is comfortable with...  And that's the heart of the issue. Comfortable or not others can't know what a particular person finds bothersome or hurtful or scary.  Inaction makes small problems bigger. And when you are aware of a small problem and you just watch it balloon up and grow and grow and grow and you *still don't act in your own best interest* and the whole thing blows up on you? It's mostly your fault.  &gt;The part where you call me asinine for not knowing what it's like.  I do. I really do. If you want to know more about that just ask. I will offer up what any good therapist will tell you, and what some recent posters seem to have forgotten to do- Communicate.
True, same here. I dunno, trying to apply my armchair psychology to try to understand the guy's motivations. Maybe he's just a creep.
Get them!!!! I had mine done at 28. They are beautiful and I feel amazing. You will too!!
But here we aren't talking about a very small limited place like a diner, but Disneyland/Universal Studios which have a ton of different things to do, more than just rides.   If the OP is really against going, she shouldn't go. But I would advise her to give it a shot, that's all.
This was very sad to read. I feel for you. It will be the hardest thing you do in your life but you have to do it.  Re read your post. He has no job. He has no respect for you. Kids or not don't choose this for yourself. The answers will come after you get the courage to do what you need to for you and the kids. You said you can make money. Make the move. Become independent. And confident and DON'T look back.
You are mistaken.
Sometimes my whole vulva aches, but it's an external pain
Your coworkers watch porn together? that's... weird
I'm sooo sorry. I will be praying for you sweetheart. I wish I had more words for you. 😭
This does NOT constitute "illegal evicting."
your part time jobs are JD/masters degree relevant right?
As an African American living in Midwestern USA I can sympathize with you. I see so many commenters being so quick to assume it was just a harmless joke. Just understand that for most who never experience things like prejudice and racism they literally cannot even fathom (or don't want to) that such things exist. Just want to let you know that NO you did not overreact. That was not cool. And remember you have the right to put your foot down, stand up for yourself, and call people out on their disrespectful behavior, even your boyfriend's parents behaviors. Trust me, it will make you feel better.
As a guy in a relationship currently, it hurts me to see anyone cheated on. I'm so sorry this happened to you and I know the pain that it comes with. Keep your head up and know whatever the outcome, YOU will come out of this situation a stronger person and a stronger mother. I wish you best in this situation I hope everything works out in the best way for you.
Not to give him an out here, but a little insight in bachelor parties. I've been on a lot of these trips, had my own, and I can't stress enough how much decision making relies on the guy in charge of the party and not the groom. It is literally the groom's job to get hammered, and someone has to watch over and make sure things go in the right direction. This is a very hurtful incident I'm sure, but so much of this blame lies on his friends. Should he choose to disconnect with those guys, maybe you could forgive him. But again, it's only something you know of you can do.   That being said, if that was his isolated incident of his misguidance, I'd go ahead and put my 2 cents on working it out. Put the portrait you've painted here, not finishing school, seemingly lazy, not working ... it's doesn't bode well for him. I would imagine with a resume like that he will be primed for future indiscretions. He has a lot of free time it seems
I'm so sorry you had to experience this. I haven't seen it called out clearly enough in the comments, so I thought I'd say it myself. You need to cut bait and run. There can't be any way to earn his way back into your life. It will happen again. Your kids may not know the details, but they will sense that things aren't right, and they will either learn to just be pushovers and accept that kind of treatment themselves as adults, or they will learn to make the harder decision in the short term in order to give themselves a chance at a happier life with someone that respects them.  I truly wish you the best of luck, no matter what you decide to do.
Microgynon is generally known to be THE WORST contraceptive pill for a lot of women. It's one of the cheapest and oldest (as far as I'm aware). It didn't give me acne - but it made me borderline hormonally insane.   I would definitely say it could be because of it - even if they have the same ingredients. If your old one was working for you, I would definitely go back to it.   (P.s: what country are you from? Where I'm from I had to get a doctor to write up a new prescription each time I changed the pill regardless of the ingredients and if they where out of stock I had to wait or go to a different chemist!)
&gt; Property acquired by either spouse during the marriage is marital property.  This completely depends on what state you live in. OP, you should check out r/legaladvice if you want to start separating property.
Making eye contact with strangers is not at all hard. I do it on a daily basis, as do most people. Looking at people when you talk to them is a normal part of life.  Do you have an ASD or something? You seem to view really basic social interactions as some huge challenge; smiling at people is not considered something most of us have to learn several decades in.
Not as nauseous as pregnancy.
I'm sorry you had a bad experience like that. Now there are plenty of guys that I hand out with, and it is refreshing to see good guys treat their partners well, and to see them treat their kids well too.
What is the redpill movement?
Lack of sex is not a basic need, plenty of people in religious groups (monks, nuns, etc) practice celibacy and still have balanced healthy lives. It sounds like there might be other things going on here, maybe a lack of inimacy and connection with other people in general?
1) the only thing that has ever changed a troll has been the perception of peers, but the point is not to change the troll. The point is to offer a community standard of civility to the people they're attacking. To say, no, this is not who we see as a community, and no, you are not unwelcome here   2) I find it strange that you would assume that a person who spends *so much time* trying to get a reaction from others doesn't care what people think!  3) Share the load.
Plenty of people talk like they type.  And you're right,  just because someone is annoying doesn't mean they're creepy, but they can be labeled creepy by people who don't really care to make a distinction.
How kind, thank you! I don't use any detergents on her skin whatsoever, just water, nothing else but what an excellent idea about goats milk! It is fantastic for other allergic reactions as well even to drink, I'll give it a go!
&gt; Mine get erect if I'm cold, and are very visable then - and that's never bothered me either.  On behalf of every straight guy, everywhere, ever, thanks, but a wedding is a special case.  It's a party for one woman -- and you aren't that woman.  You don't want to pull attention off the bride.  All of the rest of the time, yes, visibly erect nipples make the world a better place.
also please for the love of God I hope by "confront" you mean get into a polite discussion and not berate.   it shouldn't mater how "evil" someone's opinions are, don't give them the high ground.
he's also not working -- he could work and let his fiancee take time off while she's pregnant.  He just doesn't give the slightest shit about his fiancee or his kids at all.
do you believe catholic priests have balanced lives?
I try not to let my nipples be visible in any scenario where I want to be taken somewhat seriously.   Because I know what sorts of comments I get from men when I'm wearing just pjs in my own apartment and they can see my nips, and I don't want them thinking those same things when they're my coworkers, e.g.
This just hurts. I'm going to graduate in less than a year and I'm still a virgin. What does that say about me?  This is just so shallow and judgmental that I think this is a troll.
I understand and for these reasons I removed it. I don't want to cause anyone who has gone through that awful experience pain. I was told by a former best friend that I was "too ugly to be raped", I didn't say that about myself. Please don't accuse me of doing something I didn't do. I understand going into a state of severe anxiety/depression, I've been caused trauma in the past from abuse and I have recurring bad memories that affect almost everything in my life, especially relationships. Like I stated earlier, I don't want to recreate any pain for anyone.  You know, there's no need to be insensitive about it towards me though. You don't have to down me because I mentioned something that someone said that hurts me. Just your first message was enough for me to realize my mistake and how offensive it could be, but shaming me far after I removed it? But I understand, I should be more mindful and shouldn't have mentioned that. I thoroughly apologize for any confusion and offense that I might have caused.
I had a manager that would treat teenage girls working on the sales floor that way. I'm a guy, and he tried that condescending shit on me a few times and I just quit. There's always other jobs, your wife should be looking for a new one. The corporate office doesn't give a shit as long as that manager has numbers to show them. Waste of time and unnecessary stress.
It sounds weird in any culture. If your mother didn't seem to have mental illnesses I would call this straight up molestation. This is the first time I've ever heard something like this that wasn't straight up sexual abuse.
Yessss I'm so glad to hear you've met a better man!!!! This is the kind of hope I needed to hear (': And I feel you on the anxiety. I am NOT an anxious person normally but whenever I feel like I might have hurt his feelings, I get so anxious and shaky and worried about if/how he's going to lash out. The only panic attacks I've ever had have been related to his behavior.
When I was in the hospital for trying to kill myself, because I internalized his abuse as things wrong with me.
Right. She didn't think anyone else was invited until they showed up so now I don't want her to think I blew it off. You're right that there could be other reasons he wouldn't invite me, but in my mind, even if it was financially difficult or he knows I don't like airplanes, an invite would have been nice and I could have politely declined rather than being left out. I am a part of a couple and I wonder if maybe he doesn't like my SO and that could be why. I do genuinely want to know what they did and if she had fun, so I will definitely talk to her about the trip. I guess I will have to feel it out from there... Like you said, I don't want to sound like I'm looking for sympathy or cause any tension between her and her fiance. Thank you.
Its not EXACTLY a debtors jail. This is more of a child neglect issue. It falls in the realm of not buying enough food or clothes for your kids just because you don't want to. He is partially responsible for those human beings and is neglecting their needs.  I can agree that debtors jail is ridiculous, but this is different enough.  This is coming from a single dad who pays a shit ton of child support. I don't mind. I want to make sure my kids are taken care of.
You are most deffinatly right.  It is why I said the ideas can be anything other than items, "stuff" haha we love going on trails, so something like that would be awesome but I want to spice it up a little since this day is super special for us :)
Ugh stupid insurance. Congrats on being half way there on your funds, it certainly doesn't hurt to try, I hope you get more donations!
Oh honey, I'm so sorry you're in this situation. I was with a guy that stalled me for years on kids too, before being 'ready' when I was 42. I'm guessing he was also gambling that my clock had run out. I chose not to try to get pregnant with him, because I was afraid of exactly what you're going through now.  The flat truth is, your husband never wanted a child. He was just going through the motions, thinking it wouldn't happen. If he had wanted a child all along, and was just now backpeddling, I would say maybe it's shock and he'll get over it.  But he wants literally nothing about this baby. No crying, no diapers, no responsibility, and feels like his life is over. This is a man that desperately does NOT want a child, not a man that is in shock.  So, you have a few choices, none of them good.  You could decide your husband is more important to you than having a baby. Abort, and move on as things have been. But if you truly want this baby, eventually the anger and resentment will probably eat at your relationship until you divorce anyhow.  Have the baby, take the chance he leaves you anyhow, and proceed as you're planning.  Try therapy, see how that goes.  But what you should NOT do, is  have this baby and think once he holds the baby, everything is going to magically work itself out. Because it's not. As you get more and more hormonal, and he gets wound tighter and tighter about the reality, it's going to strain your relationship more and more.  Once you have the baby, he's going to resent you for having him/her. He's going to be of no help to you, assuming he stays around that long.  What you are looking for is a way that husband is going to be okay with baby, you can stay together, and have a happy little family. Odds are, thats not going to happen. And if he refuses to have anything to do with the baby, is that how you want your child growing up?  Unfortunately, what you should do is decide which you want more, your husband or the baby, because I don't think, ultimately, you will be able to have both. I'm so sorry you're in this position.  As for my story? I am 45 now. Never did get to have a child. But our relationship won't survive. I'm so angry and resentful that he strung me along about marriage and babies throughout my fertile years, I'll never get over it. We're in the process of splitting now.   Just saying that, even if you don't have this baby, ultimately your marriage may not survive anyhow. Best wishes, and good luck.
I dont think you should confront anyone about it. Of course you have the right to be upset, but at least now you know where you stand when it comes to her partner. If I were you, I´d impose the same distance for him.
He important thing here is that you realize this is something that you need to get over. I recommend you talk to your boyfriend and establish some trust and confidence. If he's the type of person who won't cheat, then you're fine. If he's the type who WOULD cheat, then you shouldn't be there anyways.
Please please do not say anything​about her to anyone. Her life could very well be at stake here. Delete your phone history while you're at it so no one can immediately tell that you've spoken to her.  Normally, I'm all about transparency and not keeping things from an SO, but in this case, it's mandatory to keep it from him. Best of luck to her and you.
As long as he didn't fuck the person, I wouldn't mind if my bf looked at other ladies..of course, while with me, discretion when looking  wouldn't hurt ...  So yeah...I watch porn sometimes, and it is hard not to look at some female body parts..
I think that way as a person who lives in a very liberal city and has left-leaning friend because all of them are involved in some way actively fighting against racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, or xenophobia and none of them even give lip-service to being even mildly concerned about antisemitism. I feel if brought the issue up to them, they would say it's not an issue any more and working on it is a waste of energy when there are salient issues like the ones they are actively fighting for.
Keep it to yourself at all costs. Shes an adult and deserves her privacy as much as she deserves to not be hit.
Thank you for sharing...
yea that really bothers me! They totally hold it hostage, fuck that. They don't withhold a man's viagra script if he doesn't submit to prostate exam (which  btw is way more common than cervical cancer - 100,000 men /year affected vs 13,000 women /year). Men are given to courtesy of having the pros and cons explained to them and letting them make their own decision without repercussions. It is presented to women as though it is mandatory and sometimes they are refused service altogether if they don't comply. There's $$ to be made there. It's the way they go about it that makes me so angry and suspicious.
I'm going to get WAY personal here....with stuff to think about.  **These are rhetorical questions: you do NOT need to answer any of them** (and to be honest, for both of your privacy, please don't!).  1.  Does she like being fingered?  Is being fingered very painful?  If she cannot stand any penetration at all, like, she wants to kick you after one finger, then that is absolutely a doctor-level problem.  2.  If she likes being fingered, can she do one finger, two, three?  Where does the pain start?   3.  Have you two ever used any penetration toys (dildos or vibrators)?   Or has she used them without you there?  If so, were they very painful?  Was there a certain size beyond which it hurt?  4.  Are you using condoms?  (Please say yes.  Please, please, please say yes.  If not, start using condoms *right now.*  Even if she is on birth control, condoms are the single best way that you as a guy can take responsibility for birth control on your end.)  If you are using condoms, are you using latex, poly, or synthetic latex?  I ask because natural latex is very painful for me, no matter how much lube I use...but poly and synthetic work just fine.  5.  You've only tried a few times...have you tried her on top?  That way she controls the speed and depth of penetration.    The reason I ask all of this is that the more she can describe what is happening, the more likely she will be to get an answer that is helpful.    There are some problems for which a doctor visit is absolutely the right thing to do.  There are other problems for which a change of condoms or lube might help, or getting a set of dilators (dildos of graduated sizes, so she can work her way up to typical-penis size), or a change of position.   But you have to have enough data to get you started.  For both your sakes, good luck.
The No Contact rule exists because it works.
Tell her that you don't know how best to respond but you care about her. It's not wrong to have no frame of context or understanding of something like that, especially when you're young, and an honest response such as this is far better than saying what you think she'll want to hear, because you'll screw it up. You've already have the emotional intelligence to spot this, so you're doing fine.
You today, me tomorrow
Except this is what you said:  &gt;You have already demonstrated yourself to lack even the slightest intellectual scruple, so I will not discuss this further beyond here.  When that obviously isn't the case. I mean, who here as even shared any credible sources? Not you, sweetie. I mean is that what you mean by "scruple" right, rhetorical integrity to back up your premises with credible reason and evidence and not resorting to strawmans and character attacks, correct?  Please, I'm not keeping you here, if you want to retreat then do so.   &gt; I think neither are slavery. Seriously, do you have BPD? You really come across like it.  Yes, and so does everyone else who is disagreeing with you. /s  Go take your shithole sore loser insults somewhere else.   &gt;Ownership of a thing doesn't mean you can do whatever you want with it.  Yes you can, especially if that "whatever you want" is the exercise of self defense in rejecting unwanted trespass from your personal body from any person, be it a fetus or your grandmother. And bodies aren't things. People are not objects for the very reason that leads to treating humans as legal commodities.
*ＳＨＡＤＯＷ　ＰＥＲＩＯＤ*
Heartwarming. Pay it forward, people.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6368  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/10844)
So it wasn't all bad then!😉
I understand this line of reasoning.   However, Do you know any other Human Rights Lawyers without googling? Did you know of Amal Clooney before she married George?   Do you know who Darren Le Gallo is? Probably not. He's Amy Adams' husband. In Headlines, they call him Amy Adam's Husband Darren, why? Because we know who Amy Adams is, and we don't know who Darren Le Gallo is, so people use the most eye-catching headline to generate clicks or sell magazines. In fact, if you google "Darren Le Gallo" literally every hit on the front page except for 1 is about Amy Adams.   This is pretty easily explained away without using sexism as the root cause
They're making a point. The point is that they're putting Amal's name first instead of George's name first to highlight her individual accomplishments.
I'm deeply saddened that this problem is so wide spread you could be anywhere from the USA to Greece and people are still living day to day. It also warms me inside to know that generosity can be boundless.
I tell my daughter to "find a mom or dad" if she is lost. It's not a sure bet, but it's more likely that a person with children will be safe. I'm not trying to make her suspicious of all other adults.
Yeah seriously you shouldn't bother about it. You have you own values and they matter to you. Every sane person has a decorum, so do you. You should be proud of yourself and what you have right now. Be independent! You will find the right person on the right time. Just give it some time. If you like book reading read a book, "How to stop worrying and start living" by Dale Carnegie. This book literally change my entire approach of looking at things. You will gain a lot from it.
I can't imagine waiting six months to tell them I love them. With my three most significant boyfriends, I literally couldn't hold it in and told them I loved them within two months. Maybe I'm just crazy though.
Are you me?
What about your mother?
But your opinion is in no way about what the article actually said.
Weight is a super sensitive subject when it comes to anyone, but especially women. So if you're smaller and you're talking about how you feel like you're a tad overweight, then someone larger might assume that you're also saying they're overweight. However, I don't think you were being offensive. Some people just take things the wrong way.
Stress and anxiety can cause irregular (sometimes nonexistent) periods. I went through the same thing while going through a rough patch with my fiancé. Your body is a machine, and when you are not yourself mentally, your physical side can show strange symptoms as well.
Non hormonal birth control like copper iuds but those come with their own issues. It's basically a case of finding what works for you and what doesnt.
No, you were not offensive.  People are overreacting.  Don't give it another thought! :)
I have a penis, I don't think that's your problem here.
Where did you get that from? This is simply an article of avergaes from a survey. It's not about how relationships *should* be, it's about what the average relationship actually *is*. It's about what has happened in the past. You can sit there and argue until you're blue about how things should be. But this article is about how things actually in reality are.  And in reality, the vasy majority of relationships do in fact follow a specific pattern. Whether you bloody well like it or not.
Just because something is and should be illegal doesn't mean the discourse is over.  Illegal things happen all the time.  For example, _see the article in this post_.  Certainly, I'm on board with circumcision becoming illegal.
I'm in agreement. The fallout isn't worth it. I'm just dumbfounded that this person thinks what they're doing it okay. It's hard to believe people like that exist.
When did she cheat on her SO? How do we know they aren't into an open relationship? She's clearly open to fetishes.  Edit: Meeting someone to show them the town isn't cheating.  I know to many women in my life who have done nothing besides trusting the wrong person.  My wife being one of them.  So yeah, I'm going to stick up for women who just want to share their story from judgement.  There's a time and place and to point foolishness, 2XChromosomes isn't the place.
Everyone's breasts will sag. You can't fight aging and gravity. We gotta stop caring about this stuff.
&gt; 1. Bras do not prevent sagging  True -- gravity finds a way.  &gt;2. Bras increase breast cancer risk up to 100 times (whaaat?)  Not buying it.  &gt;3. Going braless improves circulation  If your bra is cutting off circulation, you're wearing the wrong size  &gt;4. Going braless boosts collagen and elasticity &gt;5. Makes boobs "perkier"  Both totally dubious. I don't think either of those things are true.
He was just trying to make it gross. He was "trying" to impress/intimidate you with what he considers a large penis. Looking confused or bored and saying "I don't see anything" or "Nope." is a great response to this. Derisive laughter (not awkward giggles) would also be a good response.
I'm far more concerned about the breast cancer bit, I'm just including all the points they provided.
&gt;But I was taught from a young age not to feel guilty about privilege, just to try to use it to help others  I love this line so much!  Also, thank you for that paragraph about acknowledging trans people.  It really made my day to read that
Not speaking up around other men.  Men's conversations are the perfect time for men to challenge other men on how they speak and think about women.  Often a woman who says "hey that's not ok" will be dismissed as too sensitive or just doesn't understand or something.  Don't be afraid to call other men out on language that demeans or objectifies women.
I'd invest in middle finger exercises!  I'm normally a fairly polite person, but I have no problems flipping off those kind of men.  Might not do a whole lot, but for me at least it makes me feel better about asserting myself.
All careers have their pros and cons. As a teacher I know that for every hug I get from my students I get three times the amount of paperwork. For every hands-on project my students love they get two standardized tests that I have to report to my administrators. For every smile from the kids I get ten emails about lesson plans, meetings, and testing. That's just how it is in this particular career.  What is the purpose of life? I think that's different for everybody. For me my purpose is certainly not my career nor was it school. For me purpose is perfecting etudes on my flute, scouring the library for a new series to read, outlining my latest fiction story, or booting up my newest video game. All of those things make up "me", not teaching. Teaching is a just means of living, a sense of security that allows me to do all of the above. I have coworkers where teaching is their purpose. They thrive in it and do not need anything else.   I'm only 24. I know in ten years I may not have the same friends, or I may gained another. Who knows, maybe I'll have an SO. But none of that is my purpose, so the prospect doesn't scare me too much. At the end, those are not the reasons I come home.  It's okay to not know your purpose. When I was 18 I had no idea what college to go to or what I wanted to study. Just try your best, take time for yourself, and try new things. I joined a juggling club in college of all things, and though I can only juggle three balls the experience taught me to take a break from school for a while.
Those places are *usually* not high on the "Womens rights" front. Given that, I don't think they'll care as much for facts. Might even fund their own research to "disprove" it.
Are you in the wrong post
To many people, including myself (and I'm a woman), breasts are a sex organ.
Well, I am 5'4" and she's a bit taller than me. In February we both agreed we'd try to lead a healthier lifestyle, so we saw our family Doctors. We were told our normal BMI and we've been working as a team since. We both have a journal on a weight loss/maintenance site and are helping each other. That's how I know. I didn't mean to sound judgmental of her weight if that's what you're saying. :-(
Don't be, I cried because I was happy for your friend, not because I was sorry for myself. &lt;3
I've never seen anything like that. The idea that either sex is superior is silly. Doesn't sound like a big issue.
What's an athletic breast?
Then neither can he
Pragmatically, I would teach my daughter not to sexualize herself outside of private relationships. Don't want to put her in danger or push this sort of inappropriate agenda on her.
Prenatal depression is 100% a real thing. Please speak to your doctor.
Just wear what you want. He's allowed to have preferences, but he's not allowed to dictate what you wear.
"men may be physically superior to women, but women are mentally superior to men. I'm going to bring every man I meet to his fucking knees"... a sexist pig who doesnt understand they are a sexist pig and will rebuke the idea because they are a woman. That is not being liberal, that is being a sexist.
The oppression of women came before "identity politics."
Sure, but that's a long-term scenario and my general practitioner has advised me that I am not currently at risk for diabetes. She didn't even mention diabetes. I am active and very careful about what I eat, but she didn't ask about any of that. All she did was look at BMI and say, "You're way over where you should be." I'm 5'6'" and 165 pounds, so looking at a BMI calculator I'm not even too far over "normal" ranges. It was just weird.
Personal Messages - because the internet shouldn't stop anyone from being an intimidating creep.
I browse some subs without posting or commenting in them
No it's not. Men face legitimate problems in society, just like women. And I think it's a point for equality when both genders have their own activists
I kind of think feminists should be on the side of using cunt as an insult more freely. If we treat it as a worse insult than dick/prick/jerk/dork or other male genitalia insults, aren't we implying that it's worse to be a vagina than a penis?  But that's also quite different to using whore and slut as insults.
This just in: black people and women have lower representation in positions of power in the US.  Next research will show how pretty people get better jobs.
"No, both partners help create an emotionally intimate relationship."   I agree. I don't think all men are "f***boys". I think a lot of men and women of all ages don't know what they're looking for, and it's usually emotional intimacy. They don't know what they're searching for so they try on a lot of stuff - like the relationship marketplace is a clothing store. Is it really a clothing store? That's what we've been TAUGHT it is.  "Sex often helps create an intimate, emotional bond" Sometimes. Sometimes not. Ask people who've been married for 10, 20, 30 years and then divorced if their sex life created an intimate, emotional bond. For some it did, for many it did not, and yet they had sex with that person for 10, 20, 30 years.  "having someone try to extort that intimate bond by 'holding out' ". I hate to tell you this, but it's HER body, it's HER soul, and it's HER heart. She gets to choose what to do with it and that's not just for the OP but for all women and men.   "It also, most importantly, plants a red flag that this person may be manipulative." No - it means she's setting a BOUNDARY. That might offend you, but people have the right to say no to sex. They really do. They don't always have to say yes.   Here's an example: What if you're a man and you're dating a woman who was raped in college and also molested by a priest as a child? In spite of her woundedness, you adore her, you can really see this turning into an LTR, and you very much want to have sex with her. But she is not healed. She's working on it, she's going to therapy and taking anxiety meds and she's doing all the right things to get better but she's still not in the mood.   Only an insensitive CLOD would interpret that as her "being manipulative" and "holding out". It's HER body. It's HER trauma. The man, if he really adores this woman, is going to have to be patient. Hell, he might have to get into therapy himself while he's waiting to help process his frustration.   I don't know the current percentage of raped and molested women out there in America now. Here's some horrible facts on the matter: https://www.rainn.org/statistics/victims-sexual-violence. It's a lot. It's like one out of every five or one out of every six.   OK. So potentially 1/6 of all the women you're meeting out there in the Relationship Department Store are sexual assault survivors.    But your argument assumes 100% of all women are emotionally ready for sex and if they don't put out, they are manipulative.   That is simply not true. The issue is far more complex than that. It is the complexity that so many men would rather not discuss. At least that's been my observation of the dating world.   Women have the right to say NO or NOT YET to sex. I'm sorry that truth offends you.
What did he say?
So if the men's one is illegitimate, who will advocate these issues on behalf of affected men?
&gt;The president of the soccer club Mili plays for has blamed the disqualification on a typo on the roster.  Thats probably the dumbest excuse i have heard all day.    The worst part is that enough people are just going to accept it.  I could understand it if they typed gilr instead of girl.    This is like if Donald J. Trump signed his name as Pamela Anderson. "Whoopsie, just a typo"
Consent under the influence is not consent, mate.
Not all teens...no...and cheers for the Lol.
I've tried for years to get comfortable with tampons but they have always felt uncomfortable. I would ask your gynecologist or doctor for help or tips. Or you could just be the type of person for whom it will always feel uncomfortable.
Why do you consider that relevant? It has nothing to do with current issues. You're bringing up things from 97+ years ago.
I just broke up with mine as well. I have found the best thing to do is acknowledge what you feel and what they seem to have felt. I have also found keeping myself doing things as normal (although exercising more) and just keeping busy.  I also made a list of what I learned during the relationship and listed reasons of what went wrong during the relationship and reasons why we shouldn't  stay together.  Made me feel better anyway...   Time heals all.
I think you should start dating guys cause women are to complicated.
Being passive is not a show of consent.  Affirmative consent is important, ie "the absence of a no does not mean yes"--doubly so when intoxicated.
&gt;That one Viking who looked like he could be Vietnamese  That would be Hogun, and his character appearing as a different ethnicity is not coming out of no where. He is not actually the same race as the rest of Thors people, and movie Hogun [appears to retain most of the facial feature of Hogun in the comics. ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hogun)
Yeah make a snide comment then back down after ur wrong it's cool kid nothing personnell
This is horrible and honestly sounds like rape, but if this is constantly happening, you really need to do something about it. Like, stop getting blackout drunk around guys you don't trust.
Totally normal. You had loving feelings for him and sometimes we try to justify that the love we felt overrides the pain they caused.  I'm so sorry that this happened to you. And I hope that you have supportive people in your life that you can talk to as you work through this.
i'm so sick of hearing 'best interests of the child' ... the best interests of the child is to not have their parent(s) dragged to court and challenged for parental rights based on income level.  I mean, if we're gonna play that way, why are there SO SO SO many families on welfare? Where's the best interests for all the kids stuck in ghettos and hoods with gangs raising them?  No one is taking those kids' parents to court and trying to challenge their way of raising children.
It's ironic you say the SC is the ultimate interpreter of the constitution when your bashing Catholicism when Catholicism is the ultimate interpreter of the Bible :p
Those 'naturally pretty' girls most often are just those girls that are good at makeup, fashion and high heels.  This is horrible advice but if you really want to be pretty and be pursued, then just get good at looking good. Guys are horribly shallow and their entire perception of you will change once you start looking pretty and dolled up.
You wouldn't send an e-mail in red font, though, would you? I'm not religious or superstitious or old, but I can see how writing in red could come off as aggressive in some contexts. I only ever really see red pens used for editing purposes, so it stands out, and even then it can look pretty harsh if there's a lot of it. I'd certainly never send an e-mail in red font.
&gt;they started the process together  The couple broke up a year and a half before the child was adopted. Your characterization of the situation actually gives the second adult a smaller chance of obtaining custody rights after-the-fact... because if she was involved in the adoption process, she knowingly didn't involve herself directly in the adoption in any legal sense (her name doesn't appear on the adoption paperwork) and thus knowingly opted out of custody rights.   &gt;having felt like she invested emotionally in the process.  The court won't care that she felt emotionally invested because she chose not to be legally invested until a much later date.
It's sort of half a jokey stereotype and half true. They're often really right-wing compared to the local average, with certain questionable opinions about foreigners. So for example when I recently had to grab a taxi because my local underground station was utterly rammed (because of a broken-down train that was holding up its entire line of the network), his response was a ten-minute rant about how the delays were clearly "because of immigrants". That sort of thing.
Wow if someone came up to me and said this I would for sure call them out. No, not everyone can be an engineer. It's not that simple.
My experience is that most people who say things like "no thanks. Let's make plans later" without any explanation will never make plans later.
But just to be extra fucky, he lets man develop the tools to prevent needless suffering and then puts control of access to such tools in the hands of groups of people whose only real reason for passing some laws and not others is who can pay the most for the decision's outcome!  What a benevolent creator we allegedly have!
I think anyone who has difficulty saying "no" should instead respond to invites/requests with "I'll think about it" or "let me get back to you on that".  That way you don't have to say "no" to their face and really have time to decide whether or not you want to say "yes".
Women tend to be socialized to be agreeable and people-pleasing, so therefore the idea of saying 'no' without added excuses explaining the no can be somewhat revolutionary.
Okay, and now for Croatia specifically, not USA.
You are a badass secret agent!  This is how it all starts.  Work it, finesse it.
That has nothing to do with her weight though, big girls get complimented by rapists as well, what's your point?  One compliment from some random girl is great, I'm talking about the big picture, and lengthening her life
Yes, I will take your advice on how to raise my child oh wise one. I would expect nothing less from someone like you to give me parenting advice haha. Thanks I'll be sure to keep tabs on these good tips u gave me.  Back to the issue at hand- go look at all your down votes on this woman sub you nitwit, your line of thinking is backwards, not forward thinking.  Your radical beliefs do not represent what most even minded people want to be like.  I don't know the details of this "woman - only" showing, I didn't even read the whole article to be honest. It seems innocent enough on the surface, sure. However, what it does is *set a precedent*. That's the problem. I'm 100% sure you are not capable of understanding that, so I won't go into detail.    Thanks for parenting advice again, you are very wise.
Maybe a renegotiation is in order? If she doesn't clean maybe a reasonable adjustment in rent where she pays a little more, or she does the laundry for both of you.   My boyfriend and I have different levels of need for cleaning. I don't mind clutter he does he doesn't mind having dirty clothes and I do. So he declutters and I do laundry. We split cat chores. He does vacuuming and I do dishes. This way there is no "last week you didn't clean well enough" because we both know who's in charge of what.   Bottom line in our house is if you see something that bothers you, you can clean it unless it's a designated chore then we say "hey I would appreciate this done please"
Ha. Yeah for possible future events I agree, and certainly for the first incident with the pedo... but I was 9-10 yrs old. As for the other two, they were people I knew and trusted, so prob wouldn't have had a gun on me regardless. Didn't even feel angry over it until after the fact. It was more a feeling of violated trust. All that to say, I fully intend to be more 'aggressive' with my boundaries now that I've processed these occurrences.
I'm not looking for a diagnosis. I'm trying to figure out if this is normal or if anyone has a had similar experience.
Thank you so much for your reply.  I was told that if I don't have any symptoms then I should be fine.  But.... I really would like to keep my gallbladder rather than have surgery.  Of course unless it's infected or something.  Do you still get regular checks to see if they are getting worse?  I still eat fat but only about 30-35gm total a day.  I read that low fat makes the gallbladder store more bile and create stones... so I'm trying to eat moderate amounts of fat.  I'm so scared that I'll get an attack.  It's like a ticking time bomb :/.  I'm so glad that you've lived with yours for 8 years.  I've read the longer you go without attacks the less likely you'll need surgery.
Ya.. I guess you are right. I should have rephrased my request instead of leaving the whole thing un-negotiable, but I was really mad to the point that I just wanted say what I wanted say without considering her feelings because we have a rule for cleaning and she doesn't care at all. I should probably say sorry to her for being too rude. Maybe I was also mad at myself for just keeping silent and not making it clearer at the beginning. Thanks for pointing this out.
Use microfiber thongs that works for me
Honestly asking here. If cleaning shared room once in few months is acceptable to me, why should I be forced to moap every week because you are a clean freek? Should I also moap every day if my roommate wants to moap everyday? What is the acceptable limit?   Isn't unfair to expect someone meet your standards?
"Most women wear too much makeup" Shutup with this shit.
To this subreddit in general:  Why is a basic feat of human independance so fascinating and a gendered thing?  Your answer must not contain the words 'Partriarchy', 'misogyny', 'oppression', 'rape culture', or any synonyms for any of those.
I think the argument there, however, is the difficulty in hormone removal from water. But I'm guessing.
I see the point of view, it could make sense to some religious nut I guess. Using logic though, if a woman can barely support herself, having to support herself and a newborn will most likely not end well.
Wait, what?? How does that make sense? Aren't you legally responsible for everything you do while you're intoxicated?
What are they gonna do? Throw a Twinkie at you?
Not 'no longer had' - never had a mental health disorder
From your side of the story for sure it is rape.
I don't even know why they did one. If it was a men only film viewing the Internet would go bananas
Don't worry about it. I am loud and bubbly and am constantly told I am too loud and too much energy. The long and short is people feel like they can tell women how to behave for some fucked up reason.
I mean, it's cool that you are standing up for your country, but honestly this isn't personal. Nor is it about the constituents of the country. It's about the government. If a country hasn't addressed or isn't addressing the need to change outdated policies and people are harness because of it, then yes something needs to be said. I doubt any government made change with out that.   And to be clear, I'm more critical of the American government because our policies hurt everyone but the few billionaires in the country. I think it's important to identify corruption and harmful ordinances rather than sweep it under the rug with "we'd like to change". I'm sick of that promise and I would like to make noise about it. Nothing about Ireland in particular, just the world needing a wake up call.
This may sound rude, but you're an adult and you don't need to tell your mommy everything. I'm so bad at hiding shit, but I kept my baby a secret until my fiance and I knew what we were going to do. We decided that if we got rid of him, no one would ever know but us.  I understand that you may want some support, but if you were struggling with an ED and she kicked you out of the house, imagine what she could do now. You're legally not her obligation anymore, and she might have mixed feelings. Maybe she'll be upset you let this happen, and then even more upset you got rid of it. Maybe she'd get upset you didn't tell her you got rid of it. Either way, you need to do what's best for your future, and maybe keep this a secret with the internet.
How do you know she has no interest in women at all? Because one interaction about Tinder doesn't mean anything; she could just not want to openly come out as being bi or gay.
Nah, they just shouldn't. Because their property rights are less important than people's right to a living space.
You can't handle the construct!
Downvoted because someone just has to criticize anyone. "I'm having the best day", "Oh yeah, other people are having their worst day".
Oh so you are just assuming. Assuming your way to be offended. My God.
Yeah okay we just pull the idea that women do this out of nowhere. Every decent guy(the majority of guys) has had a woman flip out and call him a creep or something like it for no reason. Not believing this is no different than a man not believing a woman.
Right? Better to not have kids than to have kids and resent them. And there are a whole lot of women out there who regret motherhood.
Yeah those are inappropriate for a workplace
Speaking for myself, not that I ended up adopting:  1) Adopted kids need homes. Non existent kids don't.   2) Pregnancy is dangerous and awful. (This second one has just come up as I get older and see my friends with permanent damage from pregnancy. When I was younger I didn't realize it was common.)
Did the OP imply he needed mental help because he divorced someone?
Thanks for that handy piece of information that is available to anybody with an internet connection, but it really wasn't necessary.  My response was more pointing out that, in the context of this discussion, your comment implies that those people who choose not to reproduce are somehow not fully functioning human beings.  To keep in line with the biological discussion, however, I think that the evolution of the human brain plays a big part here.  As humans, we are privileged with the most complex brain in the animal kingdom, allowing us to think, feel, perceive, and communicate in an infinite number of ways.  I don't find it unreasonable, then, that certain individuals (out of roughly 7 billion now) would come to different conclusions about their own biological functions.
Surprising to me how much gender seems to matter in US politics. Coming from EU, it's just weird to me how much people focus on not what was said or done, but how does that thing work with their respective gender stereotypes.  I'm not sure if this sub is part of the problem or no. It just feels so weird how much all she's doing is being reduced to her gender or ethnicity, even on most upvoted comments on this thread. Must be weird in a country where your gender defines you so much, you can be a senator and ex-prosecutor and you're still primarily just a woman of color.
lmao top comment was about reproduction being the epitome of human existence, I said it was all life.  It's a basic biological definition.
The older I get the more certain I am that having kids is terrible.   Storing eggs costs about $10k plus $800 per year.
You are young and you might change your mind. I did. But there's not really any reason why someone needs to insist that you will. It has literally no effect on them and is none of their business.
Yes, she should have been honest, but he should not be involved in the decision.
I'm from a conceal carry state. My initial response is a training package at the local shooting range and a .32.  But maybe thats also the Dad in me talking.   edit: or as /u/ruthrinne mentions, pepper spray and taser. if OP takes action at least the dude gets out alive
No it's not. You're married, reproduction is as much your concern as hers.
I'm not pro abortion. I'm pro a woman deciding when she wants to have a child.
If you read the actual paper, females had the greatest variance between genders, and the largest recorded interruption count (F/F). Overall though, females are more likely to be interrupted by both genders.  Mean (SD)   | M/M | M/F | F/M | F/F ---|---|----|----|---- Interruptions | 1.8 (2) | 2.1 (2.6) | 1.0 (1) | 2.9 (2.8) [source](http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/0261927X14533197)
A fetus isn't a child
&gt;  I meant that if you are complaining as a feminist about catcalling that you are effectively showing that you find that a more important issue for women than for example women getting raped and then having to marry their rapists  Now you're being silly.  You don't have to ignore smaller issues just because there are bigger issues, that's the fallacy of relative privation.
They still need to run a test and adjust your prescription accordingly so they don't push you toward hyperthyroidism by giving you too much.  I agree with everything else you've said.  OP, however, has no definitive proof at this point that she has a thyroid problem, the symptoms she's describing belong to a number of common problems, which is why her doctor should run additionally testing to be sure there isn't a thyroid issue (like there was in your case), but OP can't demand meds because she's self-diagnosing.
There is no evidence in record that he is a misogynists. Cut that dumb shit right the fuck out.  The abortion is not his choice; marrying her is his choice. His choice to marry he is based on what he knows about her. When she lied by omission she denied him that choice, she denied him his free will, she manipulates him into doing what she wants. Dont reply immediately. Stop, and just good lie of omission and understand the subject. And then retract that dumb ass comment.
Yes they are. The inability to question ideology is what gives it away.
If he was a good boss that's kind of adorable.
I probably would, there's no point in paying attention to a woman that old expecting to get fed. Like come on.
Fair enough, I was talking about his behavior before the ultimatum but that's a fair point. I guess I don't mean that he's "lying" now, just that he's less likely to be trustworthy.
The  first paragraph is completely accurate.  I never intended for him to drop a friend.. But I also never thought that he would remain such close friends with her even after he found out what she had done.  She humiliated me and talked shit about me, and since he still talked with her after knowing this I thought that it may have caused her to believe that her actions were okay..
Huh?  Yes, some guys are female.  What is the concern?
No, hair is light brown and thin. You can see it, but I already dislike shaving legs enough...don't want to bother with arms (and I would probably fck up badly trying to shave with my left hand).
&gt; she is probably mentally ill  If only. College laundry facilities has definitely proved otherwise to me.  She's probably just petty and operating under the assumptions that most people:  1. Won't confront her.    2. Won't be able to prove it was there clothes in the first place.   This is how most people learn in college to not leave clothes unattended.
Can I just say, if you did something, a friend got upset by it and asked you to stop, would you stop? Yes, if you're a good friend. So if so many women are asking you to stop catcalling why don't you stop? Don't assume whether or not it's harmful; we're the ones experiencing it. Stop thinking you know our experiences better than we do.
TLDR  The world isn't about you or what you want. Think of the affact you can have on someone and grow the fuck up.
It would be cheaper to live up north than somewhere like Cambridge.  But yeah, Manchester isn't better than Kansas City. I think the real issue here is that this guy is unhappy/bored with something in his life and is fantasising about starting a new life in a foreign country and it all being exciting and better. And that's not really how it works.
Yes the reason I brought it up was certainly due to the respect situation. I would definitely steer away from any friends who don't respect my relationship or my partner, so why doesn't he? What makes her so important that he feels the need to preserve their friendship?   Besides this I feel as though she enjoys the male attention (she is single) and even does things which  I feel are to spite me.   Example: while we were on vacation he posted an instagram photo of himself. I commented "wow what a cutie, love you 😊". No more than a minute later she comments underneath mine with hearts.  It's the little things like that which can be the most frustrating
That really depends. My parents had a GPS tracker in my little brothers car as a teenager because they paid for the car and he was a lying little shit all the time. They checked it periodically when he was late for curfew or they new he was straight up lying.    When he graduated high school and got a new car (they also paid for) they didn't put another tracker in it. But in that time he also went to rehab and grew up so it wasn't needed anymore.   If OP is a teenager, I'm guessing this is punishment for something.
It was not okay, no. It was rape (and before anybody feels like disagreeing with this point: there are numerous legal precedents for defining it as rape).  &gt;Should I have told him to stop?  You were shocked and upset and in a compromised position. No part of this is your fault; no part of this is your error of omission. He committed a heinous crime against you.  Get screened for STIs, and if there is any risk of pregnancy, deal with it as you prefer at your earliest opportunity. I don't know how recently this all happened, so I'm not going to make assumptions on that second point.  I also recommend finding someone you trust to give you legal counsel, if you are interested in pressing charges, because _this was rape,_ undeniably. You are not morally obligated to put yourself in the uncomfortable position of being known to society as a survivor of rape, but if there is any reasonable chance that he will see major legal consequences over this, it may protect other women from him. If you feel motivated to seek justice for what has been done to you, then let the possibility of protecting others help fuel your resolve toward that goal... just know that nobody has the right to _demand_ you go to the authorities with this, if you feel it is not in your best interests.  Finally, you may find it in your interests to seek psychological counseling following this event. You already have stated that you have shame over the occurrence, even though no part of it is your fault, and getting a professional therapist to help you process what happened can make it easier for you to return to a sense of normalcy, security, and control over your life, as well as helping you get past this stage of blaming yourself for it all.  I am so, so sorry this happened to you.
Ahh sounds like he hasnt got the strength to deal with it sadly. Its a tough condition for you and for everyone around you. I know all about the personal attacks haha but you need someone who can kinda ignore it if not laugh about it after the fact obviously haha. Not to impose but have you looked into cbt?  Now obviously it wont help everyone but its worth a shot my partner certianly benifited from it well either that or shes finaly found meds that help. Either way i hope you find someone whos strong enough
Broke a promise? She didn't have the gas money to do what she needed to do, this is clearly explained. He didnt meet her halfway, this is also clearly explained that 10 dollars was not sufficent.  She didnt say "he wasn't worth keeping her promise". That is a ridiculous deduction of her actions.
It definitely sounds like a maturity issue. Sulking is not a mature ways of handling something. You should have a talk with him on how this situation makes you feel and take the relationship from there.
It could be a "person".
I have a really good friend that was hellbent on not having kid. He absolutely detested the idea and made it known. He got his girl pregnant on accident and is one of the best fathers I know.  I also know a man who pestered his partners stating they want "five kids" who turned out to be a horrible father and husband. Ultimately, you never know how people will act to a life changing event, hopefully you are a good judge of character and your husband possesses those desirable qualities found in a father.
Woman*
Are they not a person?
Spot on
It was [NPR. ](http://www.npr.org/2017/05/12/527806002/focus-on-infants-during-childbirth-leaves-u-s-moms-in-danger)
It's also not a very well-written/edited book. In my opinion, Constance's online blog is much better!
With our abstinence only education some people absolutely go blindly into a pregnancy. With the taboo that hangs over talking about miscarriages and the ways your body changes sometimes people don't get all the facts about what happens. Hell, OP gave a heartfelt account of her experience and someone told her we shouldn't be scaring people from getting pregnant, but pregnancy *is scary.* We should arm ourselves with information, not be told it's just our duty to reproduce, that's crazy.
"educated"
The odds of dying as a result of a C section are higher than a vaginal birth too.
&gt;But to the OPs main point I don't think anyone lied, or misled you  Why do you think that? Hardly *anyone* truly talks about how horrible pregnancy and childbirth can be. I'm flooded with women (and men, which seems stupid to me) stressing how *amazing* and *wonderful* having babies can be. No one fucking goes into the details of how awful it really can be, which makes it misleading. It's misleading when a vast majority of people only ever openly talk about how wonderful having babies is.
Some folks just understand that we don't think literally everything needs to be legislated.
Didn't work for me! Nightmares for years about giant needles and being held down on a bed while I'm ripped to shreds. Guess I'm not having the happy hormones.
I believe no one speaks about the bad possibilities because pregnancy is romanticized. No one wants to hear that they can tear themselves apart or shit while giving birth. Or that its possible to be nauseous and vomit for the entire 9 months. Or worse, die an agonizing long and painful death. People want to believe that pregnancy is wonderful and beautiful. When in reality it can be the opposite.   Don't get me wrong it can be all nice and happy and easy but its not always the case.
Really, theres one thats could comes across that way. The rest are not hating on women in anyway.
Aah I reread your question and feel dumb.   If you are determined to slow things down then maybe just be direct, "hey i really love spending time with you, like a lot, but I am also the kind of person that needs time to warm up to a relationship. I so appreciate you showing me you are interested and care and I feel the same but for me to be comfortable I want us to take our time."  If you don't feel comfortable bringing it up then I might just keep your end if things slow. If he invites you to something and you aren't feeling it, say no. If he comes to something uninvited or stays too long for something say that to him. "I wasn't expecting you here? It's nice to see you but I'm really needing this time with my family/friend/dvr/whatever." Enough hints and he will probably ask about it and you can take the convo from there.  The possibilities are endless!!! Lol
More or less. The bottom line is you're expected to follow the dogma handed down to you from your priest. That's how the institution works. If top down authoritarian control is something you have a problem with you're in the wrong organization.
TLDR:  &gt; You're trying to make it sound like you're sharing your perspective and offering an alternative, but you come off very aggressive and biased.   &gt; If you genuinely want to help, instead of shooting things down, point out the benefits of exercise, healthy eating, and kicking phone addiction.
Powerful is one way to put it; pretentious is another. Gender neutral is the most fair and practical solution. Your goal is to be _inclusive_, right?
He may or may not be using you; no one in this thread can actually tell you that. But, what is happening is he is not contributing evenly financially. If you dislike that then end the relationship. We're the genders reversed we wouldnt automatically jump to the 'she's using you' assumption.  My opinion is that it is highly probably he is using you based on not paying for a trip he pressured you into. When a similar thing happened to me (genders reversed) I felt used in the end; but I question if I would have felt used if the relationship had not turned sideways.
I want to be this hero for my daughter.
This is the best part of the story, imo
This was amazing. Your father is an incredible person.
Sugar, that's the kind of stuff that's manipulative. My advice would be to try to find it in you to say to yourself "Why wouldn't I be mad about this? Anyone else would be!"  Or imagine how he'd react if you were to behave the same way.    A relationship is two people coming together to build one another up.  He doesn't seem to be building you up at all.  I defended my abusive ex because I was sure that deep down he was still the sweet caring man I fell in love with.  I had to realize that the sweet caring man was an act used to reel me in, and the scary, controlling, abusive man was the real thing.    It's alienating and I certainly felt like a fool, but no one should ever be faulted for being open to falling in love.  Women have been falling for the wrong men for centuries and vice versa.     However, it's not going to magically change.  In order for things to be different, you have to make it known how unhappy you are.     Now, I fall on my passive aggressive upbringing sometimes and that's a fault of mine, but when I'm concise and clear in my feelings and intentions, I usually get results.   Personal Anecdote: A few months ago I met a man similarly to your situation.  He swept me off my feet, said he loved me, was kind and thoughtful.  But, he had to leave in May for the summer to work on a vineyard out of state.    I said from the beginning, "I'm perfectly fine spending time with you now, and when you leave we go our separate ways.  If it happens that you return in August and still want to be with me, we can reconnect.  But, I don't want to be the reason you don't go after some girl you meet there who may be perfect for you, and then have you resent me for it."  But, he protested and said I was the one and he wanted me to wait for him and he'd do the same and when he got back we'd be married. So I said ok, I have no problem waiting for you if that's really what you want, but if you change your mind somewhere down the road you need to be real with me.  Sure enough, after he left our communication got more and more sparse until I even went two weeks without even a text.   I tried all manner of approach, finally just saying "Listen, if our time together was just some fling, a "I'll never have to see this girl again" thing, just tell me now, I won't think less of you, I just don't want to be dicked around any more.  He, again, didn't respond for days so I finally just said, "Listen, I'm sure you're a good man but I don't want to be apart of whatever this is anymore.  If/when you return you can contact me to get your stuff, I'll keep it safe until then. "  I often think men are too chicken shit to say what they want for fear of being labeled as a bad guy. This was a case of a "nice guy" who ended up being just as bad as all the awful men I'd been with because he was sneaky about being an asshole.   At least the other guys were upfront about it.    I just hope you don't fault yourself.  Through all of my terrible trysts and misjudgements about the men I've associated with I've tried to not let that jade my sense of "true love exists"
gawd damn that's disgusting
My boyfriend and his siblings don't drink because it's a life style choice for them. They're all still ridiculous and fun to be around and no one begrudges them their choice once it's explained. And if anyone does give them shit for it, they basically tell them to fuck off.   If they're actually your friends they'll understand. And you should let them know that, too. Tell them it's your choice, alcohol makes your anxiety worse and it just doesn't make you feel good. That you can and do still have fun without, it's their bitching that ruins the night and they can either get with the program or fuck right off.   I still drink around them when I want to and there's no judgement from anyone.
Your dad is an example for all of us
I was just saying: Fashion today is actually requiring fake body parts. I have tiny tatas, but there is no way I can pull off an ultra-clevage showing shirt yet wear no bra, or wear a backless shirt with no bra. It all requires a super dark tan to boot because everything is nude - not that I don't like a good nude tone.   I don't mind some of the cold-shoulder looks, I won't lie, I have a couple myself. I suppose it depends how you wear it. I'm in a feminine/classic look, think circa 1950's but with more pants and I'm not stylish enough to pull that off most of the time. If you look hard, you can find other stuff, it just takes a bit longer.
This is freaking amazing. I can't believe anyone is really this thoughtful. You are definitely his little girl
Scary for *your* sake, not mine, never met you and never will. And luckily will never date someone who thinks that about women. Actually that's probably why dating is so hard for you, most decent women would agree with me. See? We've come full circle.
Learn to listen to your cycle. It's cool.  Personally, I can feel:  - My libido getting high! - My ovulation (cramps on one side or the other), lot of "liquid secretions" - My libido getting low... - The PSM... which is a cool quick irrationnal depression... - My menstruation coming with occasionnal cramps 5-6 days before the blood, and a headache because of the hormones dropping. - TERRIBLE PAIN, which I kill easily with 'ibuprofen' and CBD oil (Cannabis extract)  Hopefully you won't be as sensitive as me... But it can be useful to detect when to have sex with condom, and when not.
Love "antiwaxxers". I'm stealing it.
It's not weird at all. I don't like to drink. I'm in my thirties, and I haven't even had a full alcoholic drink in my entire life. Luckily, my friends understand my preference and don't pressure me to drink. I'm sorry your friends don't seem to understand.
You go girl! Congratulation for doing what you needed to do. Happy days from here out.
This may sound weird but I would read, Jimmy Buffet's "Tales from Margaritaville." For me it helps me relax, and motivate me to try to experience some things in my life. Plus it's a short read that is just a collection of short stories.
****Wearing a black dress to a wedding.
Here's a suggestion:  **"old man"** the heck out of this guy.    So, he has this script in his head, that he is flirting with you and coming off as "cool" and "mature".  You want to break that script... before he gets into the creepy skeevy sexual innuendos.  So, when he says anything, you say, "thanks, that's just what my Grampa says!"  "Oh, that's sweet, my dad says 'dolled up' too!"  "Who were the cool musicians when you were young?"   Just everything, all the time, every single comment you make is a reminder that he is old.  Don't color your comments as an insult, don't put any negative emphasis, just (in your head) start talking to him like he is a 90 year old man who you think is kinda inappropriate but you overlook it because he is sweet and old and dotty. Smile sweetly and innocently whenever you say any of these things.  Talk about how " My grampa is having knee pain, is that a problem for you?"  Talk about current musical artists that you like, maybe rattle off 5 or 6 specific songs/people That he absolutely would have no idea about.  Just start talking about them ,then when he say's "who is that?"  Say "Oh, sorry, my bad, (apologetic smile) of course that is after your time."  Then just start talking about something else.  Keep up a patter of stuff you know he is unfamiliar with or would find uninteresting.  (Think up as many subjects as you can think of to be ready.)  So, instead of letting him lead the conversations into creeptown, *you* direct the convo.  And it is always, 100% old man conversation.  Then, if he starts saying something creepy, interrupt with a "Hey! I just remembered!  I know you like X, my boyfriend's dad is into that too!" then ramble on about your friend's dad's fly fishing, or hunting, or bowling, or car collection... whatever.  Just talk right over the top of him.  Don't respond, don't react.  If he keeps pushing it, you could say "Ya know, that is kinda creepy for an old man to say to a teenager."  But is is better if you can just keep him from feeling like a strutting stag, and make him feel like an over the hill old man, so that he stops enjoying his convos with you.  His whole deal is finding girls and women to prop up his ego.  Just puncture it with tiny pin pricks all the time - that will make him go away.  The other (kinda similar) thing you can do is **"gray rock"** That is where every response you have is boring, or flat or rambling (maybe describing in painful detail every room in your friend's house... just shit that you know any normal person would be bored with.)    What you want is for him to see you as either a black hole or an unflattering mirror.  Right now he sees you as a funhouse mirror that makes him look like a big stud, because you are too inexperienced and polite to best him at his game.  But his game isn't fun if you deflect into a black hole or reflect back your image of "old man."  Good luck!
Dario, Seth, Zeferino
You got it! I'm sorry you had to put up with someone like that. Being a guy, I don't put up with that crap. I was fortunate to be raised in a home that respects women and respects people equally. I hope you can find a place to work that you enjoy and doesn't make you feel like shit. And does your boss let that fool talk like that in front of customers? I mean, what the hell is that guys problem?
I mean how they could become attached legally and socially for a kid that isn't theirs
This article almost said some interesting things but then took the easy way out.  If I understand the numbers correctly, the average debt compared by gender is pretty similar. The problem appears to be in a hypothetical scenario a guy graduates with $19k in debt and an engineering job paying $60k, and a girl graduates with $20k in debt and a job in marketing at $48k.  So he's much more able to begin tackling the debt load. The article could have delved into degree paths taken by men and women, and how maybe societal pressures, or institutional biases or other factors affect where men and women end up in their choices for their degrees.  After all if the debt load is the same it seems like a poor choice to take a degree that will lead to a lower income. But of course there are tons of factors affecting those decisions.   The article unfortunately failed to get into any meaningful discussion.
You should just be straight out with the dude, im sure he will understand and if he doesnt then thats  not your problem.
Past post history said she went to school in China. This could be an online bride thing, which is why she doesn't seem to have a life or career outside of her smelly husband.
Well if promiscuity doesn't make you happy then I don't see how it's unfortunate.
Hello friend!  Just turned 30, virgin, TERRIFIED of anyone being near my lady parts. To the point where I may never have sex, and I'm cool with that.  My doctor prescribed Ativan, though my anxiety overrode it... but that's just me!  Call your clinic and simply ask :) Explain about anxiety, or even meet the doctor beforehand to hear your options :)
Dude. No. Just no. You can get cancer at any age, and pap smears check for that.  ANY doctor I've been aware of says you need a pap as soon as you're sexually active or turn 18, whichever comes first.
I don't mean like next Miss Universe - but she will gain confidence. And this will boost her attractiveness, no matter the optics
I feel like this meeting a lot of new people. My brain's saying "hmm this guy/girl is a bit weird lookin". After a little while - and especially after a few conversations - I really can't even see why I would ever have thought that. I reckon it's that your facial expressions speak a subtle but powerful language, and it takes a while to get used to some people's facial "accent".
Because someone's entire entity, their personality and character and abilities, is what one falls in love with.  I think this is the devil behind this saying, is that people are trying to imply that if you're NOT beautiful no one will ever fall in love with you because physical beauty is the single most important aspect in that, which is absolutely false.
Thanks for this one. I think you are exactly right.. he was really stressed out while I was away, and he wanted that first night to be perfect. I fucked that up, and then he reacted. It's simple.
This is largely because a percentage of attractiveness is purely subjective. Without going into specifics, I can pretty safely say that the things I find physically attractive in someone are not what is normally pigeon-holed as "classic beauty". Then there's also the fact that (as both you and the parent poster say) people are far more than just their physical appearance, and those other attributes will pretty much always influence how you perceive someone. I kinda get what OP means, but by the same token, I think their preferences ignore the fact that there could well be someone out there who really digs someone of their configuration.
It's not necessarily military, it's also cheap employees for huge corporations and fodder for the for profit prison industry.
Why?
Defense and international security (mostly DOD funding) account for about 16% of the total budget. Social security, Medicare and Medicaid account for over 50%. Military spending is pretty low and has been steadily declining for a few years now.
This is overwhelmingly helpful. I'm going to bring it up to my advocate tomorrow because school is my number one stressor at the moment. If this is a possibility (if things don't go well) then this would take a lot of stress off my shoulders.
From your source it looks you don't necessarily have to literally say "no" or something similar for it to be considered rape in a criminal case
I am sure female Senators will object and encourage improvements. Speak to your local Congresswoman.
If you don't like Buzzfeed, you should archive the link via archive.org so you don't give them clicks  Edit: serious question? Why the downvotes?
And here I was thinking the electoral college elected him, and he actually lost the popular vote.
Unless you live in a flood plane I bet you don't buy flood insurance. If you live in the Midwest, I bet you don't have earthquake insurance. Right?
As far as I'm concerned, you have every right to refuse a doctor for any reason, and find a different doctor you prefer. You just can't *demand* someone find you an alternative doctor. You either take what's on offer, or you look elsewhere to find what you want.
Again, you're playing dumb. 55% of white women voted for Trump - end of story.
Yes! Preach, fucking preach. The bill hurts women, that should be a good enough reason, period.
I love you
That's my thought. It's absolutely sexist. But I think you're free to be sexist about your doctor if you want. You're the one picking your doctor.
I went from wearing makeup every day to once or twice every two weeks when I got pregnant with my daughter. At first it was because I was just too tired and sick to worry about putting it on, but I prefer it now! It feels so much better to be able to rub my face when I want or let my daughter kiss (slobber all over my face, really) without worrying about ruining my very expensive makeup! I'll do it for fun every once it a while when I'm feeling creative.   OP you are stunning!
Yeah, cause I base all my life decisions on what makes your penis happiest :)
Trust your gut, if you feel he's being inappropriate then bring it up and set boundaries with him. If he's interested in being your friend and maintaining appropriate relations with his coworkers he will stop and your friendship will be stronger because he will show that he respects you. If he doesn't respond positively to you setting boundaries then you've got your answer.
The most make-up I've worn is mascara and lipstick. I'm so cheap and lazy to invest anymore! I agree op, natural is the best, and you're gorgeous! Not to discredit people who choose to Wear it of course!
You are inside of that weird group of "oh they are family! of course they will be there!" Where people forget to send formal invites/assume someone told you.   I'd just send the gift anyway but that seems more likely to me then being rude
Good job! You look beautiful!
Serious question: how do abusers get help, are there ever times where they go, "I'm really fucked up and hurt other people," and seek treatment?
my two cents: i think it's problematic to imply that women who choose to wear makeup don't believe themselves to be naturally beautiful, or are too insecure with the way they look to not put on makeup.
Found my people!
With regards to why parents would let their kid marry then what I've read from some people in arranged marriages might make some sense here. These people don't see marriage as a love marriage, it's a partnership with benefits that has love as a happy bonus if it happens. I'm not saying all people in arranged marriages feel like this, but once you wrap your head around the concept that some of these people don't see love as a pre-requisite for marriage and that they are effectively just ways for a person to have a secure life (and family life as defined by their culture) then it starts to make more sense why some people would ok with it. Why wouldn't you marry your daughter to a wealthy man that will provide for her? She doesn't need to be old enough to make the decision because the parents are making it for them anyway.   That's just one reason though, there are obviously more including what some people have said a teenager getting pregnant and the father wanting full parental rights or religious pressure for the child to not be born out of wedlock.   I think people under 18 should be granted a marriage that expires on their 18th birthday and needs to be re-affirmed. So you keep continuity for those that genuinely want to stay together (As much as someone pressured into a teenage marriage can then choose to remain in it) whilst also people in these situations a fighting chance to break free.
I never wore makeup until my 30's. Now I just wear eyeliner and lipstick.
"They told me the same thing, that I was getting more distant."  That often happens, usually because abusive guys can be good at distancing the woman from her family and friends once the living-together situation begins.  A woman's friends and family are valuable resources for her, as well as her job, which is why an abusive guy moves to cut off her access to all of them as soon as he can.   Control is the primary agenda for him, and he'll do pretty much anything to get and then keep it.
Why don't you just tell him to stop saying that?
Lol thanks!
are you using the right sized tampons? if you're not having a heavy flow, you should use the really small ones, which are meant for exactly that.
No, I've just been really busy lately.
if you can still feel it, then it's not up high enough
this is my experience too. i know two self-described PUAs. one is creepy and annoying, the other is actually my friend, but i do feel sorry for both- i think their obsession with solving the woman puzzle stems from being dissatisfied/ineffective in other areas of their lives as well.
you could just try it.   just make sure that it's still there if you're having sex
Everyone should have the right to form their own opinions about someone else, and not by what someone else has said. Yet, she's your best friend and she isn't taking your feelings into consideration? She's not a good friend because of that. She sounds so into herself that she can't even comprehend the gravity of what happened to you. I wouldn't keep her around for long if she doesn't shape up.
Thanks!!!
This is a double slap in the face to all veterans.  LGBT troops have fought is wars and have been asked to keep quiet about who they are, yet they die for what they were born as.
Please don't take this negatively - are you autistic?  I'm an autistic woman and you sound like teenage me. The way you describe social interaction and relationships is very common among autistic women - we may have a decent understanding of what social roles or relationships are supposed to look like/be, on a *base* level, but we miss subtleties, tone, take things literally when not meant to, miss messages that others see because we can't "read between the lines". As a result, we're usually left behind by social groups, but it's mystifying *and we honestly can't figure out why*. Unfortunately, if we DO get feedback, it's vague and usually ends up being some generality like "we just didn't... click, y'know?".  I understand what you're going through. If you want to talk to someone about social issues, feel free to PM me.
I would definitely go to planned parenthood if I were you. The advice they give you won't hurt, and will likely give you some peace of mind. I would honestly just go get the OTC medication because even if you don't have a yeast infection (although you likely do), the medication won't hurt you if you don't. Yeast infections are not considered an STD, but can be spread like one. Once you get it taken care of, wait at least 1-2 weeks before having sex again. It WILL be painful and you can spread it. Literally feels like sandpaper in your vagina.
I'd happily give my man an engagement ring if I knew he'd like one. You guys are stuck in the past. It used to imply that a woman already was taken. Now it's just a token of your love. Wedding rings are exactly the same and are used by both. No one complains. I think using a matching item is quite romantic. You are letting dark times put a shade on nowadays life. I mean you don't have to wear a ring, but don't try to tell others that wearing something that is symbolic of their love is wrong.
I am positive the fact that I grew up in a religious + conservative household had something to do with it.
Well at least my terrible joke wasn't sexist
Unwanted yes however what you described in the post was like trying to get a kiss after a date but getting shot down.
Nope. Just homophobic.
Think about black gay Americans. Men, women, trans. Could you imagine?  I'm a gay Native American-German-Scotsman. I have my grandfathers Native American straight black hair but my fathers red headed complexion.  Figure that shit out.   But gay black Americans. I mean the hell they felt 70 years ago... and the hell they are going through today.   I read some woman's blog post where she said gay pride parades were discriminatory against blacks. Frankly that made no sense to me because afaik it's the most inclusive parade anywhere. I mean if you weren't included, you didn't ask to be included. But she wrote that pride parades were discriminatory and that blacks needed a black pride parade and meeting place free of whites. Ok. I'm fine with that frankly.  If you feel that you need to have a safe space for you and yours, go for it. I will happily back your idea and not participate.   What got me was she told the black gay folk that their white partners shouldn't be allowed to participate. To me, this completely ignoring what got us to this point. Purposefully excluding black gay men, women and trans individuals because they love a white person, Asian person, Latino person. Weeks, months, years, decades... doesn't matter. Your partner/spouse shouldn't be allowed to participate.   Now if someone said to me that they wanted me to participate in a gay Native American festival but I had to leave my husband of 15 years behind, I'd tell them to get bent. What a horrible feeling that must be.   And the folks leading these movements have NO regard for their own history. Black men beaten, murdered for loving a white woman just 50 years ago! Black women beaten, raped, murdered for daring to love a white man. I'm sure we have a term for this kind of racism... hating your own race because they date outside of it. It sickens me.   Sorry. I had that bottled up for a while now. Black homosexuals face a great deal of discrimination. What's worse is that they have the potential to feel it from within their own community. It's this sjw movement garbage. Every aspect must be "us vs them".  Literally tearing communities apart.
I bet I jerked off more guys last week than you did in your entire life  EDIT: ok you win, I lied, I'm not actually gay. Just please stop sending me dickpics and leave me alone.
I understand that everyone's anatomy is different, but the bartholin glands are not next to the clitorious. They are on each side of the entrance to your vagina in the bottom quarter.   I worry that this is not a bartholin cyst, but something else like a sebaceous cyst or vulvar cancer. Could you go a sexual health clinic like Planned Parenthood (or something similar) for a check-up? They typically use a sliding scale to determine cost.
A nice sentiment but very unrealistic from my experience.  My family has violated my comfort and wishes many a time in the name of caring about me.  Tbh OP's bf family sounds very similar to mine, although mine might be on its best behavior face to face while making fun of them behind their back, at least until they were comfortable enough with them to do it to their face.
I'm sorry but you're wrong. There are outbreaks of measles because of people like you. There are some people with compromised immune systems that are dying because of kids that weren't vaccinated. Most schools will not enroll your child without vaccinations. There is no conspiracy. Do not use biased documentaries and YouTube videos to make decisions regarding your child's health.
If you aren't going to vaccinate your child don't let them around other children either. It's completely unfair to other young children who aren't old enough yet.
Can't you ask your friends to recommend someone to you? I'm not sure why people don't rely on their social network for dating anymore. It's much harder to get cheated on if you're dating someone in the same social circle.
Because I believe I will receive the same reception I got when I was there, possibly even worse over the phone. Good idea though, I will call and record the phone conversation. Any bullshit being stated, like you did above; would be highly indicative of gender discrimination.
I get mistaken for being female often.
I guarantee you, as much "research" as you think you've done, you haven't researched anywhere as much as bona fide scientists and medical professionals, who all agree that immunizations provide greater benefits than risks.
This is a discussion. I haven't said anything to disrespect you.   Right now civil unions don't confer as many rights as marriage, I agree.  I'm saying that marriage as an institution is historically and anthropologically rooted in religion. It's a spiritual sacred bond forged between two people. It was wrong for the US government to stick its nose into marriage in the first place. The government shouldn't grant special privileges to those who deem themselves married in the same way that they shouldn't grant special privileges to those who deem themselves Jewish, or Jesuits, Jain etc.
If you're getting them for your own self, your own reasons that's great! I'm having some installed at the end of September and recommend the forums at justbbreastimplants for any questions.
I'm in my 30s. I see a lot of my friends getting divorced pretty easily. It is 100% what they want to do with their lives at that time and is good for them.  The thing is, I don't want to do that. What is the right choice for them isn't the right choice for me.   Different people have different desires, plans, life goals, and circumstances.  If you don't want kids you are different than your friends that do.  Getting a divorce might open their door for their future happiness, but if you aren't in their situation, it isn't going to enhance your life if you do it...    I'm a little older than you, and have never wanted kids and don't have them.  My best friend has 3, my sisters have 8 between them.   I know what I want with my life. I know where I want to be in x number of years.  I know what makes me happy.  Children don't factor in to that.  I'm not worried about missing out on that experience because that isn't an experience that is important to me, personally.
Proof that that is what I've wanted? All it says is here is a couple facts regarding it.
Creepy? Maybe, depending on context. Sterile? I don't see that. I'd probably say it's a bit too clinical for normal conversations.
I'm still waiting for your reply to my comment...
Not what I'm asking either.
Yeah and this is why us in Kansas will continue to mock them. They just pull weird shit like this all of the time.
Pretty sure it's 2017 but minus about a hundred years.  ^^^I ^^^mean ^^^seriously ^^^what ^^^the ^^^fuck.
Right, I totally see that. They're expected to have a super high sex drive and stuff too. My friend really struggled with rhat because he just wasn't into hooking up, and got shamed for that.
Sort of. There are some protected classes that can't be fired because of their membership in the class (e.g. maybe your new boss is racist but he's not allowed to fire you just because you're black).  [Here](http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/wrongfully-terminated-due-race-color-national-origin.html) is an article with more detail. I thought gender was a protected class but it's not mentioned here and I didn't feel like digging.
Sounds about right
I wish my state of NY could defund these states  Fucking leaches use more tax dollars and provide less and are an anchor to any progress we could achieve.
This comment was removed:  Please see rule 1.     ---  [2X FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/faq) | [2X Rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/rules) | [2X Moderation Policy](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy) | [reddiquette](/wiki/reddiquette) | [reddit's rules](/rules)
:::::::::::::::taking notes:::::::::::::  *Raising hand*  They mentioned something about the conspiracy of female manipulation in my class on the gay agenda, but I'm afraid that I hadn't seen it in the wild, so I am not sure what to look for.
When Kansas is making fun of you, then you know you fucked up
&gt;I think you should respect the groups rules and customs. If you dont like it, its time to find another group to play with instead of trying to control and mold this one into something that suits just you.  OP, I think this is worth listening to. It might suck that this group is not going to be the one to fulfill all your social needs because that would probably be easy and continent for you - but if it's not going to work, it's not going to work and you CAN totally find other groups that will work for you.
The older generation is nostalgic for a time when they were not questioned and were at the top of the social ladder.  The younger generation has grown up hearing about this time from the older generation and pines for it.  The thing is, it never existed like they remember it.  They do not remember the bad, they only remember the "good".  The good to them, that is.  Or they remember their parents complaining about the new stuff and so it is cemented in their minds that that new stuff is bad and it used to be better.
I consider it entirely wrong, and I think poorly of people who justify otherwise.    People are responsible for keeping their own commitments. Cheaters are the ones cheating.    But it is separately and independently wrong to disrespect other people's commitments by hooking up with someone who you know is cheating to do it.
If it's hard to admit to yourself, meaning you don't *want* to be that way, why not choose to be different?
Great update, thank you!   Just a thought re: not wanting to make waves when the man has a wife and kid/s: a) he should think about them before treating you - and likely others, too - as he has, and b) it's possible he also treats his family badly, too... Perhaps, if that is true, your action might inspire his wife to stand up for herself and kids, and leave him. Of course, we don't know, but just reframing your concern to have a positive possible influence.   Congratulations on your growth, if I may. Best wishes moving forward.
Unfortunately I tried, nothing fit well and was still out of my five dollar debit bill balance
I think that's entirely up to you! If YOU want him there, you let the doctor know! In my experience at the OB/GYN, they're all about what you as the patient are comfortable with.
You are doing the right thing about waiting until you are older before making your relationship physical. The one other thing that can impact your relationship are the goals you have in life. If you are ambitious and want to do something meaningful, but he is undecided and remains so for years to come, it can act as serious baggage for you guys.
Me, too. I try to comment about something they seem to have done with purpose (nails or makeup, hair, their outfit) or even something like a unique name (on name tags).
I'm going to try and contact womens shelters when I get home. Theres probably hundreds of women like me, unfortunately. Hopefully they can offer me some help and guidance. This was the first meaningful response to this thread so God bless you.
As a pregnant women myself, this story makes me cry because being pregnant is stressful enough without having to deal with all the crap her community is putting her through. I know Christianity just pays lip service to mercy and love but c'mon here. Show a little humanity.
She said they're divorcing and she lives w him bc of school location.
i couldn't ask for a better job, but i'd be happier running my own life/business at some point in time. part of me thinks with downtime from "real work" i could focus on my skills and future business plans! but yes, thank you, i never want to be totally dependant and i do worry it would turn out that way.
&gt;Uridoz is right.  I wish I was wrong though, this sounds terrible ...  &gt; If I'm typing anything on my phone he's quick to ask what I'm doing. Even though he's free to text his buddies throughout the day.  Ask him "How would you feel if I constantly asked you what you're doing, who you're talking to, whenever you use your phone?" then.  &gt; he often snatches my phone out of my hands randomly to see what I'm up to. If I'm not on reddit, Tumblr, or youtube; he gets upset.  Seriously OP, do you ever do this to anyone? Probably not. Because that would make you an asshole. And that's what he is. Again, get the fuck out whenever you can. This relationshit is abusive.   He has insecurities? Ok. But then he shouldn't make it a reason to fuck with your private life, if he has any respect for you.  &gt;he says he calls me a whore as a joke.  "Well I don't like those jokes, and jokes are only fun if it makes the two of us comfortable, so could you please stop?"  &gt;Edit- So sorry fuck, I kept hitting the send button and I basically posted this exact message a bunch of times. My bad.  yeah happens to me too sometimes x) ... It's okay.
It will be interesting to see what comes out in Court.  It looks like Tesla followed the best practices playbook according to advice from their lawyers. They had a neutral, third party expert (read: lawyer) look into everything and waited until the report was fully finished before acting. They had a high level executive handle it in person. Nothing was left to chance.  The engineer will face an uphill battle over this. It is going to be everything except easy.
So then why are we talking about "why are you feminist and not egalitarian?"?????  Feminism is activist and egalitarianism is philosophical. So why make the comparison between the two?
No, I work in the real world where nobody says 'you're mad because you're on your period' to their female coworkers.
Same thing with my girlfriend. She has extremely curly hair, but she straightens it all the time, despite me asking her not to. It looks nice straight, but I like it natural so much more!
Congratulations! That is the most wonderful news!  I'm having my 4th surgery in a couple of weeks, and I hope to be saying the same thing as you in 5 years 😊 Congratulations again 😁
Being someone who has dealt with depression for about 8 years I'd say I'm good at dealing with it nowadays. However, this was not always the case. Growing up with a mental illness and not knowing it is very frustrating. First because you think it's a part of you, you're a debby downer and a drag with anger issues and horrible social skills. It's your fault, your personality. Not having any guidance or support can make things that much confusing and painful. It was a good 4 years before I was actually diagnosed after having a horrible breakdown and almost killing myself. I also had 3 siblings who were much more socially succesful and considered to be attractive, while I was deemed the  ugly one. So a bit of maybe tmi just to say I totally get your sister. However, having a mental illness and watching a loved one suffer from it are to me very different things. So I will try to combine my experience with both cases.  --Step one is realising you have an illness and separating it from yourself. Your sister has already done the former. It's actually a huge step. However viewing it as an illness and not a character trait can be very hard and it seems she's struggling with that.   -How you can help: make her feel validated and treat her symptoms as what they are- symptoms. Don't refer to it as "sadness" or "bad mood". Always separate things when talking about it. Make sure you know she has a condition and that you view it as that. It will make her much more confortable talking to you about it and less "pathetic".  --Step two is reaching out. Telling people about it. Living with depression and not having the correct support from loved ones makes things way harder. She seems to already have done that with your dad.  -How you can help: Listen. Most times when you have a problem you just wanna vent and feel validated. Obviously you'll expect some advice and caring words from time to time. But making yourself a safespace is the most important thing you can do, as you're not a professional and you might not have been through the same things.  --Step three is GETTING PROFESSIONAL HELP. Having support from family and friends is crucial, but as an illness depression should be treated by professionals. Depression is the result of a chemical inbalance to put it simply- even though it is strongly tied to psychology there is also a very biological reason behind it. Also, even if your intentions are good, giving uneducated advice can sometimes do more harm than good, not to mention there's the risk of you getting overwhelmed as well.  -How you can help: persuade her to see a psycologist/mental health professional. Therapy will get her on track to dealing with her emotions and organizing her thoughts. Keep in mind there is such a thing as a bad shrink (or their methods are uncompatible with her and feeling confortable is essential) and in the eventuality that she complains it might be that she's not open to it, but it can also be that you should just look for another one. As for antidepressants, it's up for her and her shrink to decide on. I will add that to me they're essential, and finding the right type/dosage makes a huge difference, but that is not always the case and medication should never be seen as the one and only solution.   --Step four is learning how to deal. Unfortunately the world does not stop no matter what you're going through, neither do you. A therapist will help her find ways to do that, as everyone is different, but here's some overview. She needs to find a hobby. It can be hard to maintain an interest in things even if you used to enjoy them, but you have to do your most to remain active. This can be doing sports, art, making any sort of content even if you don't show it to anyone. Exercise and diet are really important; doing a minimum amount of physical activity and keeping a relatively balanced diet is really benefitial in terms of instant reward but mostly long term. However, giving yourself a break is essential from time to time. It sucks having to push yourself to do so much as take a shower or a walk or go to school, but you gotta sometimes. However putting your mental health first should be a category on its own but I'll just include it here. Sometimes you won't want to go out or talk to anyone, and that's ok. Sometimes you'll want to cry for an hour, and that's ok. Staying home and watching tv instead of being at a party you don't want to go to can actually be more rewarding, as long as it's not always what happens and you put in some effort into doing things you might not feel like doing but you know are good for you in other occasions.  And lastly, taking it one day at a time. Thinking about things in the long term can be overwhelming. You feel as if you'll never get better and the thought of the days/months/years to come can make you freak out. Somedays are going to be really tough and just getting out of bed/doing your chores is a huge victory. Set yourself small goals and focus on achieving them one at a time.   -How you can help: not much besides encouraging her to engage in activities and do stuff with her when you can (I find watching silly comedies or doing lighthearted things together helps, doesn't have to be an emotional heart to heart every time you hang out) while also giving her the privacy she needs.   I hope this helps in some way. Sorry for the huge text but it's a complicated matter and yeah. I feel you both.
It's not unusual to react strongly the first time - or even first few times - someone you know who is close to your age dies. Maybe because it makes your mortality hit home. I've heard multiple people share a similar experience.   I still remember very clearly when I learned about a student my age who died in a car crash, almost two decades ago, and I hadn't even ever met her. I can remember details about it that I cannot recall for any other accident that I've ever heard about since.
Oh screw that. If a parent is too backward to give their child the basic info they need to be safe and happy, the child has every right to seek the info elsewhere.  "Abstinence only" is a joke. Might as well be an anti vaxxer.
Forgive him and move on. You have kids to think about and not yourself. Two wrongs do make a right
Gal. The word you want is gal XD
Really sorry to hear that. It's important to remember that you were doing something totally normal and the people on the other side are the ones who have issues- not you.   Also important to remember that they would have probably done the same thing regardless to any female narrator. Not that it's ok, but just try not to take it personal. There are some weird people out there.
You nailed it!!
Still...the main point OP is making is that she has a hard time getting conversations where she is acknowledged, not talked over, and not presented with primary sexual interest.  And there are a lot of other women in tech who have reported similar experiences.
Well, maybe a part of this change is due to the fact that you are out of high school? I was always a pretty and thin girl, yet I was bullied in high school for being a weird kid (and, also, for rejecting one guy's advances), I was literally spat on once. Once I got to college everything changed. People were much nicer, nobody bullied me, and if someone didn't like me, they simply didn't talk to me. Nothing changed about me, except that now I was surrounded by more mature people. Maybe that's your story too?
Im sad for you that you have worried about this. I've had 3 pregnancies and its never crossed my mind. Your life should not be like that. What makes you worry and not feel loved, secure and supported like you should be?
That's a tough one.  I'm so sorry you have had such awful experiences with predatory men. I don't have any suggestions apart from making sure not to be alone with a man in a situation that could possibly turn sexual unless you know him very well and he has earned your trust. What does your psychologist and psychiatrist suggest?
Here's a simple answer. Once you're cheated on it changes everything...you'll never have the same trust, feel as safe or secure as you did before all of this. Do you want to see what its like to see that type of love grow over the years?  Also, he's trying to use being drunk as a copout. He doesnt appreciate what his actions truly mean. Moving forward with any trust can't happen unless he know's the true meaning of what he did.  When you marry, you bind your love and your life to another...its no small thing. Its a gift and one that he's unequipped to honor.
Copy and paste pretty much. It just means posting the same thing on different subs.
I agree, would be interesting ish. I suppose nonhetero relationships somewhat blur those lines :P
Keep in mind alot of people are awkward. Even the popular people will feel anxiety and self consciousness when they want to partner with their crush too.  I think it is normal, what you feel is normal and at the end of the day if the outcome is not what you expected at least you know you have tried.  When you have your eyes set on one person you feel like no one else will ever make you feel like that person. But as soon as you get a little time to move on you will find interest in someone different.
Amen to that. I trust that's OP's sentiment, but I think your clarification of norms is important.
Personally I wouldn't tolerate someone that drinks and drives. It says a lot about a person that will risk killing them selves and others. What else will he justify? Texting and driving? Cheating? Stealing? Edited to add: it's not only about hurting your feelings, its about how dangerous it is.  Imagine if he killed someone and had to deal with that guilt. It's just not worth it.  He might have been honest and apologized but that doesn't make it okay. Apologies mean nothing if the behavior continues.
I had the nexplanon for nearly 5 years (had it replaced once after the first 3 years ran out).  With my first implant, my weight gain wasn't as drastic but with the second it was really bad - about 20 lbs. I had my second implant removed this January, a year and a half early, and I have still struggled with being able to lose the weight.  Overall, I wish I would've gone with the mirena and I probably will choose that next time.
this is worth having a major, ultimatum conversation over with him. he has an addiction and neglecting you in the process. lay down your cards and express your needs, YOU ARE ALLOWED TO FEEL THE WAY YOU DO. don't let him gaslight you or act like you're completely unreasonable with the AMOUNT of porn he's consuming. also i'd never put up with him buying from cam girls, sorry but i'd hit the fucking roof. kick up a stink, this is your life too and you're allowed to be mad about this.
Everybody does that. It's fine. The key is to maintain perspective and self-control...at least until you've crashed and burned so many times you can't feel optimistic anymore.
You might benefit also from some of the advice on http://outofthefog.website/
All of the things they said to BF about you are indicative of larger problems. Even though G2 sounds like a challenge to deal with, you should be a little grateful to fate if not to any of the people involved that she revealed his parents are going to be a problem.  You might get better advice over in r/JUSTNOMIL.
I will defend MoS until my dying breath.
That's Oscar winning Suicide Squad.
I agree with what you're saying but personally I prefer BvS and MoS.  I'm happy we have three incredible character driven scenes in each film,  MoS - first flight BvS - batman warehouse scene WW - the no man's land scene
Same happened to my gf and she tried dota 2 later and now we have a lot of fun playing that. Maybe try dota 2. My friends and I are like ALWAYS on. The community isn't that friendly but you can find fast friends who you'll enjoy playing with. And trust me, the streams are like WAYYY better.
I'm confused:  destroy female machismo or male machismo?  Or just machismo in general?  The graffiti doesn't make that clear.
See, that's your opinion, but it's just hard to accept that movie as fantastic.  Fantastic = a classic. Man of Steel was good.
And many good movies don't.
That woman sounds so sweet. I think it's happened to the majority of us at some point.
I thought the movie was atrocious :(
Antiope, the bad ass general who taught Diane to fight, was Princess Buttercup from The Princess Bride...
As a lady, I appreciate this comment.
Yeah I had zero faith in DC after the turds of the past few years. Thank fuck they finally got it right with Wonder Woman!
Well yeah, she was naive. That was her whole character journey through the whole movie. Kinda the point, showing her learning the realities of the world and mankind.
Marvel doesn't really have any female superheroes in the same league as Wonder Woman though.  She's part of DC's trinity, but every variation of Marvel's is entirely male.
I could have spent a whole movie there honestly. So beautiful and interesting.
I think it only really matters based on how they saw themselves when they made The Matrix. If they were both aware that they were women and identified as such during the making of, then the above quote is still correct.
Interesting, I can't really think of a solid female hero so far in any of the DC or marvel movies.   Jean Grey is an emotionally unstable girl who needs her father figure to do  anything worthwhile.   Black Widow isn't too bad, but she's underpowered and often gets relegated to secretarial duties for The Avengers (get everyone together, calm down the hulk, go run that errand etc.)   I think the closest I've seen is The Wasp in AntMan. She was pretty bad ass, but still needed her Dad's blessing and tech to fully empower her.   I dunno, I would say Wonder Woman is a solid win for more than just lady directors.
I guess they mean solo super hero women.
Your post has been removed due to rule 5 in our [sidebar.](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/about/sidebar) You are welcome to repost on Friday during our [image fest](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/y8k2m/mod_post_we_are_launching_an_experiment_image/), you may repost now as a [self post](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/submit?selftext=true) with the story behind the image if you're looking for a discussion, or you could try /r/2XLookbook. Please see [here for our image posting guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/faq#wiki_what_images_can_i_post_for_iff.3F).  Thank you!  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TwoXChromosomes) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Amazing.  No regrets whatsoever.  I've seen so many women try to "have it all" and they all seem so frazzled, bitter, angry, stressed, and shockingly old-appearing for their age.  Smartest decision I ever made.
60/100 imo.  It was decent, but not anything special.  Compared to the others in the DCEU, it was good. Compared to actually good movies? It fails badly. Lots of things didn't make sense.
I don't think it's a problem that she was naive, she spent most of the movie in a world that was incredibly foreign and new to her. She still seemed intelligent and curious throughout the movie, and I'm sure in movies taking place in the present day the naivete will be gone.
This happened to me at work. My period is about 12 tablespoons worth on average and on those really heavy days, accidents happen.   It was one of those scenarios where everything feels okay, then there is a huge sudden gush and you just know you're in trouble. Even with a heavy pad I leaked on the chair...  At least you were able to clean it up without anyone seeing it or knowing about it.
If you have a family and your pregnant wife is working two jobs, the husband has no business going to New Orleans or anywhere else for a bachelor party.  Once you have children there is a responsibility to them.  There is work everywhere.  Hes a user and selfish.  I feel for the kids and that dysfunctional environment.
Different areas certainly have different specific standards of beauty, but most everywhere has a similar foundation as to what builds that standard. These foundations are mainly due to good ol' biology, from a time when certain features were largely indicative of how healthy your offspring would turn out.  So most of what applied then still subconsciously applies now. Looking clean, healthy, and having genetics that suggest healthiness (good/symmetrical proportions, no unusual growths, spots, or other abnormalities) are qualities that are pretty much universal.  But others are purely cultural, or are induced through scarcity. For instance, in America natural blondes are so highly prized that you'll almost find more dyed blondes than actual blondes, because so many women want to emulate that look. Meanwhile in fair-haired Scandinavian countries, more women would prefer to be naturally brunette, because they're the ones in the minority there.  In either case, I wouldn't worry too much about your looks based on what you've shared. I'm not one to mindlessly compliment you and say "you're a perfect beautiful flower &lt;3" (because that's not how the real world works), but if you were any shade of ugly, you'd likely already know it. Many people can be cruel, and they won't hesitate to share when they truly dislike something. In the real world anyway, don't trust the internet and its trolls for something like that.   But unless you're getting rude comments, snickers, and pitiful glances from strangers on the regular, it's probably safe to say you're average. Above average, if you find people are more often on the opposite end of the spectrum: complimenting you, trying to initiate conversation frequently, approaching you unsolicited; things of that sort!
Yeah, I think he already has. Get yourself tested for STD's pronto.
Fair call. Still sending you good vibes btw! You mention that you have a priest (who I'm sorry told you would be a burden!!)- is there anyone at your church you could reach out to, and ask for prayer and guidance? xx
Recovery takes as long as it takes. Might look for a new therapist, because current one sounds obnoxious.
Reading comprehension? It's a lot more than watching porn.
Nothing is "wrong with you". But it sounds like maybe you have low self esteem and look for reassurance in men who treat you poorly.  Talk with your therapist about that.
This guy is being actively aggressive, he wants an aggrovated response.  Truth is replying or not replying isn't really going to effect that person much at all, so do what makes you feel better.
Yeah, I'm not interested in your little fit. If you want to have an actual adult conversation, let me know.
It's called human nature to want to have sex. People are gonna do it regardless. So putting a monitory barrier on this is just making it so the rich can access it while looking down their noses at the poor.
Right. So no actual argument. Can't say I'm surprised. When was the last time you were pregnant?
As a long time single mom who regularly calculated the groceries I added to my cart as I shopped, it hit me while shopping today how nice it is to buy what we need, (and plenty we don't really *need*) without even thinking about it.  I'm remarried now, and my girls are both adults, but I still remember how much anxiety the check out process would cause. I've never been innately great at math, so always worried I'd underestimated and would be so ashamed to learn I'd cut it too close.    Things do get better- and I'm sure the lady in line was happy for the chance to pass along a kindness she too likely benefited from in her past. Things may be tight for you now, but someday soon it'll be your turn to help someone else in need.
Interesting. I'll have to try that! Thank you.
Age, weight, and so many other factors.  And only a small minority of men are even fit for military service- obesity, drug issues, eyesight, mental disorders... the pool is more limited than it's ever been.  All the more reason to include women- but standards cannot fall.
Who cares? She enjoyed being around him enough to marry him and obviously found good in him, enough to the point where she, again, married him and had children with him. I highly doubt she gives a shit if you think she's "settling".
As for the golden rice, maybe we can ship the people actual vitamin A pills to prevent blindness and death.    Look at the stomach of a GMO fed pig compared to one fed non-GMOs. http://s3.amazonaws.com/dk-production/images/36866/large/chi-pigs-fed-gmo-grain-suffer-health-problems--001.jpg?1371428311
He celebrated a little too hard.
It seems pretty pathetic to me to try to force every bit of dominance you can get over men. Nobody knows this woman, but literally everybody knows gorge Clooney. Ridiculous to not include him I  the title because "Muh women's rights".
&gt; I prefer the term "sex-critical" :P  I actually thin it's more "sex-normative"; "sex-negative" people rarely have something against sex per se; it's more so that they often believe that it should be within a certain context: the most extreme ones marriage, the less extreme ones at least a "formal romantic relationship" or a "social marriage" if you will.  I'm sex anormative. I treat it like any activity with two or more persons that people may choose to do for whatever reason they want and I don't think it's particularly special.  &gt; I believe a lot of the root causes of arguments are due to conflating some issues that don't necessarily have to be combined in some context, or not understanding where the other party is coming from (so you end up trading reasoning that neither side cares about).  Story of the day in "preaching to the choir politics"; they're not as much trying to convince the other side as letting the people who are already convinced know how much they are on their side.
Yeah, some guys think that if you are not overtly rude that you are flirting. It's nuts!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVOZhhABQPY brithdays, weddings, funerals, erin brokovich  buddha https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wv0KwOEYKU4 larry-crowne-movie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDM0yAJjlBo https://www.youtube.com/user/katetectonics 'the-parent-trap'
&gt;Picture this, you teach, you're student is slamming hot, whatever she graduated nothing comes of it.   your*
lindsay-lohan  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NC5DGQqku24 http://docuwiki.net/index.php?title=Fracking:_The_New_Energy_Rush free-energy, free-money,  "religion is the opiate of masses", there is no god https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcqd3Q7X_1A
Well, the best advice that can be given here is, you have to move on. Take time to do things you enjoy for while to let your self recuperate from the marriage. It won't be easy and it won't be instant. You just need to do things that you enjoy. Take some time to be selfish. You can try and talk shit and stuff like that but it won't solve the problem. You need to get past the marriage. After you feel that you can move on, your next goal is to a. Find a new soulmate, or b. Stay single. You may find you enjoy the single life when you go into it. Keep an open mind. The last thing I have to say is, you didn't waste your time. Our experiences make us who we are. For better, or for worse. You can take this tragic time in you life and emerge stronger in the end.   I wish you the best of luck.   Edit: spelling.
Agree completely. There is no denying the invisible force that is society. I was just playing at the alternate view for interests sake. I'm certain women, even in a progressive place like America, are persuaded and subconsciously pushed into traditional roles more often than people realize. OP presented a valid situation where it's silly to assume the man is the one building stuff.
This post is specifically about FGM and will be moderated for relevance accordingly. Please report off topic and derailing comments. [Issues affecting men too.](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy#wiki_issues_affecting_men_too)
"I saw nothing but complaints from men here when an article about how feminism can and should help boys was posted here last week."  Whoaaa there. That article got plenty of complains from *both* genders because it was horribly written. Why are you singling out men with your post?
Well, the supervisor was on the bus when I got on and you had better believe that the ride was so smooth - no hard braking, no corners taken so fast that you had to hang on to your seat to not slide off... and he was occupied with the Supervisor when I got on so he did not speak to me. I found out late yesterday afternoon that they decided to not pull him from the route. They said that they will continue to monitor that driver/route but that he would be staying on. So frustrated! I have had my co-worker's volunteer to drive me to my car each night and I have mapped out a new bus route that I can start taking so I won't have to see him this summer. So, nothing, really, was accomplished other than he certainly knows it was me who complained and now I still have to find a new way to get home for the next two and a half months.
Unless they left a used condom on the bathroom floor, why on earth is this your business?
There was a guy I met that has a condition that makes him smell like urine, and is exacerbated whenever he bathes.
There can be issues with BMI, but even if we accept that it's an okay indicator for most of the population, that's not my point. My point is that people have legitimate reasons for being what would be considered overweight, and it's not your place to tell them they should feel shame for it. People have things going on in their lives that can cause them to appear overweight. You don't get to judge them for it. It's never as simple​ as "they just can't stop eating."
And then the conservatives form a government with an anti-abortion, anti-LGBT rights party.
The air quotes say it all- even he thinks it was ridiculous to think of her like that.   Stop nit picking, he was trying to have an honest conversation with you about his life and past experiences.  If he is the kind of guy that lies and wouldn't tell you the truth about his feelings then maybe he is hiding feelings for this other woman his whole life. But it sounds like he's the opposite.   And you did some damage by your reaction to his story. Do some damage control so you can continue to be so lucky as have your BF tell you intimate things about his past to better connect with you and have you understand his life.  Gosh
&gt;"Why aren't you smiling!? Aren't you happy to see me!?"  Tell him you'll start smiling when he starts leaving you the hell alone. He sounds like a creepy guy, and I'd push for him to be out of that office immediately.
... Here. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DmkmdmcQzM) video is for you. Because if you paid attention at all to the elections, Trump supporters were not only considered inferior human beings, but were assaulted. I didn't call them idiots. You did.
You're insulting their intelligence by suggesting that they vote on emotional whims. You're why we're in this mess.
I mean, keep projecting. If you want me to be the punching bag, by all means. I'm going to go out and have a fun night. I suggest, you do the same.
I mean this in the nicest possible way. Is there any reason you think they might fear for your safety? Has anything happened in the past to make them thing you might not do well living on your own?  Or, did you ever have a medical diagnosis during childhood that they might have exaggerated in their minds, something like that?
I suggest you don't patronize and insult Trump voters unless you want Trump term 2
One thing that helps me is to "squat" over the toilet, and then when I insert, press down like I'm trying to pee. That usually helps it go right in. The applicator has to be in all the way or almost before you depress it, or else the tampon will feel uncomfortable. I would also try one with a smooth plastic applicator with a rounded tip. It helps if you're on the "heavy" days of your period.   That said, tampons are not for everyone and I had a hard time inserting them for the longest time too. Maybe try again in a few months, if you're up to it. Also, if you haven't had a woman's checkup, might be time to get that scheduled just to make sure you don't have any health concerns.
Only those with some very weird ideas about human relations.
I'm so sorry you are feeling this way.  What you are feeling is 100% normal and you have to allow yourself to grieve. Even women who are completely sure in their decision and who do not regret it often experience some grieving in the process and that is okay. I had an abortion last month and although I don't regret it, sometimes I do grieve over "what could have been". I have got to imagine that being further along in the pregnancy than I was had made a difference as well. If possible maybe you should see a therapist.  Also as someone else said your hormones are going CRAZY and that is not helping at all. My procedure was about a month ago and I feel more level now, but seeing as how you were further along it may take longer for you.  You may also want to check out /r/abortion. It is a quiet sub but there are some great and supportive people on there. They also have a support group.  Best of wishes.
Well my hope for you was to realize your comment is shitty.
When I started, I would lay on my back, knees up and aim for the small of my back.
Yup, resisting too much during rape can also lead to murder. What's your point?
&gt;wife has bouts of paranoia where she swears my sister has planted listening devices in our home so she can spy on us.   That is not hormones.   Hormones is going on a crying jag because of something sad you read and then craving chocolate.   I think you two could seriously benefit from some marriage counseling.
I'm personally really glad that I'm not "stunningly beautiful" - I hate being center of attention or getting stared at and I'm thankful that isn't the case.  Find the things that you *do* like about yourself. Whether they be physical traits or activities you excel in. I find that both in terms of my own self-esteem and who I find attractive, the self-confidence that comes with doing and excelling at something I love makes a huge difference. A lot of people find that type of self-confidence way more attractive than any physical trait.
I'd hit up both the obgyn and an endocrineologist. The endo is who you would see for hormonal issues, your obgyn can probably recommend someone if you need help finding one.
I don't know you but I am so proud of you! You are doing so amazing!   Just remember if it ever happens again, that you still did a ton of amazing work and you can and will be able to do it again. You're so strong and fantastic.   I personally got a tattoo to cover the worst of my scars about 5 years after I last cut myself. It has helped me not look at that area of my body so negatively.
You're doing amazing &lt;3
You sound like someone who loves to cheat ;)
Regardless of if the title was written by the poster or someone else. Someone really believes that it only becomes hard when a man is not involved. TwoXchromosomes has a lot of great content. It can be uplifting and informational. But as a group I do believe that we should help rid the world of gender biased language. Especially, when there are many posts highly voted that display hurt and sadness when this same thing happens to women. It hurts to see people that are so rightly concerned, to not be critical across the board. We are human. WE have rights. A justices right to choose the most viable parent should be just that. Parent has no gender. Parent has no race. And Parent has no species. Parenting is one thing; it's to care for something or someone so deeply that you attempt to ready them for a life you only hope will outlive yours. We should always allow our children the best opportunity. Hopefully it is chosen in %100 of all these battles, regardless of gay or straight, old or young, black or white, wizard or lizard. Every child deserves the best chance to survive in this frightening world.
I fully support it.  I don't shave mine so why should you have to?
This post has been removed. Please repost this without the [21F] tag, as this subreddit does not moderate in accordance with that tag. Posts with misleading tags can lead to confusion by the community regarding moderation standards.   Tags supported are: [Support], [TW], [Trigger Warning], [NSFW], and [IFF]. If your tag was one of these, please [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwoXChromosomes) so we can fix it.   [You can check out our Moderation Policy here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy) Thank you!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TwoXChromosomes) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I agree, so bizarre/traumatic.
From a purely selfish point of view I'm really glad that this bullshit is being brought to light outside of Northern Ireland.
oh, my family is quite messy.  I wouldn't want to live with them.  I was so glad when I was able to move away from home.  I love them, but it can get pretty bad.  He acknowledges I am not as bad as they are, although he thinks if we ever got divorced I would live in complete squalor.  Maybe by his standards it would be, but I do have standards of my own.
Yea - it's strange that governments feel like they should legislate people's lives and organs etc.  It can be difficult for men to understand how much it impacts women. But I saw how my wife reacted to the recent women rallies. And how she reacted to the fictional show "The handmaid's tale" (to the point that she can't even watch it). It just made me feel a gut wrenching realization of what women have to put up with.  Life is a Black mirror episode.
How is she positioned in missionary (if you don't mind me asking)? Like legs closed or open? My clit definitely doesn't get hit during sex in that position. Was it difficult for her to learn how to orgasm during sex? It's been a year for me and still nothing.
Partially funded by the Dutch Government and specifically the great [Lilianne Ploumen](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/dutch-government-lilanne-ploumen-set-up-international-abortion-fund-counteract-donald-trump-mexico-a7544856.html), great organization.
I do not want the DUP having a hand in running a race let alone the country.
No it's not.  Eugenics is the murder and sterilization of individuals who are deemed unworthy to pass on genetic material.  That is not the same thing as parents choosing not to carry to term a fetus diagnosed with a disability.    Parents have a right to decide if they can or can not accept a disabled child. I say this as a mother to a child who has Down syndrome.  90% of fetuses diagnosed with DS before birth are terminated. It's hard to live in a society that looks at my child, and doesn't value her.  That see's her as less, and not good enough.  But I've also had the experience of meeting disabled children who were born to families that can not care for them.  Either financially, emotionally, mentally, or physically.    Parents need to be able to make the decision about what they can and can not handle themselves.  No one, no doctor or bystander, can understand what it's like to be given the news that your unborn child has something wrong with them. Only those parents are capable of understanding the situation and making the correct decision for themselves and their family. Some parents can accept and deal with a disabled child.  Some can not.  And there are diagnosis that are truly overwhelming. DS is actually quite easy by comparison to many other disabilities.
I think the argument is that they could just say another prospective tenant put down a deposit first, rather than giving any kind of reason for not renting it to you.
The bigger issue is that it would be a FHA violation...discrimination in offering housing based on the applicant's membership in a protected class
Aren't you doing it right now? Or, is it not discrimination if it agrees with what you think is right?   I mean, downvote all you want, but you should realize it's not such an absolute truth. We all discriminate, but mostly we all agree about it so it doesn't come up.
That works!
That's so sad.  I'm so sorry for your loss.
This post has been removed. Please repost this without the [12:55] tag, as this subreddit does not moderate in accordance with that tag. Posts with misleading tags can lead to confusion by the community regarding moderation standards.   Tags supported are: [Support], [TW], [Trigger Warning], [NSFW], and [IFF]. If your tag was one of these, please [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FTwoXChromosomes) so we can fix it.   [You can check out our Moderation Policy here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/wiki/moderationpolicy) Thank you!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TwoXChromosomes) if you have any questions or concerns.*
lol Missouri
Well who maintained the financial well being of the family whilst mum was at home or part time? and during the divorce was what I said! You can't have your cake and eat it!
They have 55 and over only neighborhoods. But I guess we don't care about that.   To make it clear, I'm totally not arguing for racial discrimination. Mostly making a joke.
&gt; What fool landlord would turn down a responsible tenant who makes logical decisions and plans for her future   If someone is unintelligent enough to feel that way, I could totally see them being happy cutting their nose off to spite their face.
wtf is a neckbeard??
Fuck those kids - even if you won't win this, at least report them so if the same thing happens again, then police have a previous case to refer to in order to determine the content of their character. You didn't consent to the assault, and if it had happened in a year, you may have been forced to carry one of their children because they didn't even use protection. I'm so sorry this happened to you. Get mad and get vengeance
Interestingly, you can discriminate on age. It's how 55+ neighborhoods can exist.
&gt;However, I find it odd she clearly remembers them insisting they sleep in the middle, but then has no recollection of having sex with both of them?  As someone who has blacked out drinking on more than a few occasions, I can tell you that remembering bits and pieces of the night while forgetting other chunks is the norm.
Very true. It's a low hanging fruit and it means that since religion creates all these problems, non-religious folk don't have to worry since they don't contribute to them.
A lot of states ultimately have more spread red than their concentrated dots of blue. Source: from Nebraska
Care to cite sources, or not make sexist generalizations?
Don't worry about it. I am loud and bubbly and am constantly told I am too loud and too much energy. The long and short is people feel like they can tell women how to behave for some fucked up reason.
I mean, it's cool that you are standing up for your country, but honestly this isn't personal. Nor is it about the constituents of the country. It's about the government. If a country hasn't addressed or isn't addressing the need to change outdated policies and people are harness because of it, then yes something needs to be said. I doubt any government made change with out that.   And to be clear, I'm more critical of the American government because our policies hurt everyone but the few billionaires in the country. I think it's important to identify corruption and harmful ordinances rather than sweep it under the rug with "we'd like to change". I'm sick of that promise and I would like to make noise about it. Nothing about Ireland in particular, just the world needing a wake up call.
This may sound rude, but you're an adult and you don't need to tell your mommy everything. I'm so bad at hiding shit, but I kept my baby a secret until my fiance and I knew what we were going to do. We decided that if we got rid of him, no one would ever know but us.  I understand that you may want some support, but if you were struggling with an ED and she kicked you out of the house, imagine what she could do now. You're legally not her obligation anymore, and she might have mixed feelings. Maybe she'll be upset you let this happen, and then even more upset you got rid of it. Maybe she'd get upset you didn't tell her you got rid of it. Either way, you need to do what's best for your future, and maybe keep this a secret with the internet.
How do you know she has no interest in women at all? Because one interaction about Tinder doesn't mean anything; she could just not want to openly come out as being bi or gay.
Nah, they just shouldn't. Because their property rights are less important than people's right to a living space.
You can't handle the construct!
Downvoted because someone just has to criticize anyone. "I'm having the best day", "Oh yeah, other people are having their worst day".
Oh so you are just assuming. Assuming your way to be offended. My God.
Yeah okay we just pull the idea that women do this out of nowhere. Every decent guy(the majority of guys) has had a woman flip out and call him a creep or something like it for no reason. Not believing this is no different than a man not believing a woman.
Wow, are you truly happier this way?
&gt;Yes because no husband could possibly also not want children and having a kid you absolutely don't want for someone else is a totally awesome idea.  Oh, yes. The whole "when you meet the right man," because a woman's whole life is predicated on finding the right guy to marry, bone and breed with. She has no desires of her own, no independent thought. Ugh.    And yeah, the whole wishing children on someone who *does not* want them is just revolting.   And I have actually used the "so do abortions" line in response to "accidents happen." Shuts a lot of people up pretty quickly and often makes them stop talking to me. Which is great, because that's the type of person I don't want to continue interacting with.
Thanks, I'm actually 8 months pregnant at the moment. ☺️
I didn't see what they said but thanks for the support :)
We were talking about false negatives, not positives.
Yes. I thought they were trying to use their bank account to stand out...
You know alimony can apply to men or women right? It's income based not gender based.
The text does not say he got her drunk nor is it apparent from the above text that force was used. Please justify otherwise.  What is apparent is that the man appears to have taken advantage of a vulnerable human, which is morally reprehensible.
I remember once I saw a married guy on Facebook say that being raped is a woman's fault. I really politely messaged him saying that there's a difference between consensual sex and rape.  He replied with some crude, disgusting stuff. Along the lines that my own trauma was my own fault, that I could've "fought it" and he hoped I get raped again. Whilst he didn't say it to me directly, it still really shook me. His wife messaged me after that defending him. Gross.
No, the hairs are really fine and light and don't bother me.
Sprays and bombs don't work on bed bugs. Sadly. :/
I like how you made a conversation between two men about how they feel uncared for as fathers about mothers...
If one person is too drunk to consent, that can be rape depending on the area. It is normally sexual assault or severe sexual assault.
&gt;Now, he doesn't show me affection, he doesn't and won't kiss me. No hugs now sweet talk no cuddling in bed.  That to me is the real problem, not the flowers &amp; chocolates.
Wow, they really keep pushing those dates back.  When I was 18 I was told mammograms at 35, now it's 40.
That phrase people *love* to throw around "blood is thicker than water" - it actually is only half of the phrase.   "The blood of battle is thicker than the water of the womb" - this is basically a statement of the fact that those that stick by your side and are with you thick and thin are your true family above those you ended up with as an accident of birth. Find those people in your life, your brother and friends perhaps. Do what you need to do to make yourself fulfilled and happy.
He said he wanted to stay at home with his kids so they don't end up like his daughter's boyfriend whose parents neglected him, as if having 2 working parents means that you're neglecting your children.  It's absolutely ridiculous.
Maybe she feels like she has something to be embarrassed about when it comes to that topic. I'm not a parent, but when my parents had the talk with me about anything personal or slightly uncomfortable, they always made me feel very normal and like I had nothing to be ashamed about. Although of course it might just be her personality and there's nothing wrong with that either. I'm sure she'll grow out of it when she realizes that it really is nothing to be embarrassed about.
Talk about "fragile ego" to get butt hurt over being told lightheartedly to smile. Lol
Exactly. I just wanted to be thorough
The reasoning behind it is because they often find "problems" that the body would resolve perfectly fine on its own and being not actually serious but cause a lot of metal anguish and lead to many unnecessary procedures.
I was adopted at the age of 11, and was well aware of the finances involved. In both Illinois and SC (I was a cross-state adoption), my family actually *got paid* $350 a month until I either graduated from university of turned 26, whichever came first. My parents were very prudent and put it all into savings and enabled me to attend university (with scholarships) without going into debt.  I don't know where this $35k info came from.
THAT IS SO AWESOME AND REFRESHING that you weren't a victim.   NOW GET YOUR ASS TO A DOJO AND LEARN HOW TO FIGHT PROPERLY.   I say this as someone that took years of physical abuse from family who won't lay hands on the little gal with eight karate belts.
It's hard to erase the traditional mindset. It's good to see some of the younger people changing, but there will be the "elephant in the room" which is sexuality/gender interaction/rape culture
Huh. My schools went over it very well. I guess it all depends on the quality of the teachers in question.
I ignore my mother completely and treat my wife well, so there's one person this doesn't apply to.
Jesus Christ. I knew pregnancy and birth could be rough and thought I was braced for what you were gonna say but NOPE. That sounds more like you had an IED blow up twixt your nethers.    I don't know about anyone else but pretty much everything south of my equator found a way to to turtle when I read that.
Yeah, I knew about this and that's why I'm never having children. I'm constantly shocked when people choose to.
I have had so many patients with completely awful births (horrible tears, almost bleeding to death, etc) who I think "this is going to be her first and last baby, no way she is going to want to go through this again", and then I see them a year later coming in to deliver their next baby. It's some kind of evolutionary thing where they forget how bad it really was or something, or the desire to have more children outweighs the risks to them.  As a labor nurse, I have seen the worst of the worst, including maternal death. I still have a desire to have at least one baby, though I am absolutely terrified.
If you don't mind me asking, how does breastfeeding hurt? I've read this a couple times now but I don't really understand. Is it pain in the breasts from too much milk, or..?Sorry if this is a stupid question but it seems like the kind of thread to ask.
Actually was dating my bf for years before getting this job, but thanks for the advice.
My mum also used to be a doula. She stopped when I was about 8. I grew up with a rose tinted view of pregnancy and birth ( I was present as a three year old at my brother's birth - birthing pool and essential oils is what I remember [and cutting the umbilical cord with help from the midwife]). As I grew up I learned about more traumatic experiences but i still feel like it's an incredible profession.   I think when my sister and i think about kids she'll get back into it.
Shocking.
 "The fact that there is no cure, no symptoms, and it's almost impossible to track/super prevalent, makes it impractical and illogical to try to track."  Seems to me that the medical industry would most certainly make more effort to track it, if it's as "dangerous" as you say.    Funny how all our attention is focused on this, while lung cancer from smoking kills almost 250,000 annually and we still haven't outlawed cigarettes.
Oh don't worry you were, I got your message.    I am sorry, but stage 4 tearing, having to wait year(s) before starting sex life again after birth, loss of sensation, post partum psychosis and nice things like me losing the ability to control my fucking bowel movements and shitting my pants weren't "common sense" to me. I am glad those are to you though.
You seem like a lovely person. Want to be friends?
For fake internet points.
This whole thread makes me kind of glad that I'm unable to have children.   When I first found out I was very depressed. I grew up thinking that's what women do, they have children. Its like a duty or something. Its taken me years to come to terms with the fact that I don't like kids because I can't have them. Its a weird defense mechanism that I've just accepted as fact for far too long. I'm finally ok with the fact that I'll likely never be a mother.
Like her or hate her, I always found respect for Kim Kardashian for admitting that her pregnancy was awful. It seems like lots of women, particularly in the public eye, feel like they need to say how wonderful pregnancy is. You can't say anything negative about it, because, *gasp*, that's your baby!!   I don't agree with some things she does, but she has such a huge following and telling women it's okay to not have a perfect flowing pregnancy is a pretty cool thing.
You're 100% correct. My grandmother (a mother of 7) said that in the early 60s when she got pregnant for the first time she actually didn't know how the baby got out. We've progressed a long way from that, but we are still not fully informing our young women about what is a very serious health decision.  Growing up, in school, we learnt about the technicalities of how a baby is made and we watched a birth video. Obviously it was a very textbook birth and we only saw the crowning and the baby actually coming out. No placenta, afterbirth etc. I was also aware through general pop culture references etc that pregnancy made you kind of tired, sometimes made you a bit sick, gave you crazy cravings and could make your feet swell. And my mother had gestational diabetes and very high blood pressure while she was pregnant with my younger sister, so I knew about that.  Things I found out as I got older:  * The other nastiness that can come with pregnancy. Obviously some people have wonderful easy pregnancies, but some people have constant vomiting, constipation, haemorrhoids, hair loss, anaemia, preeclampsia and all manner of other genuinely horrible things.  * Even in this day and age and in a modern country, an otherwise healthy woman *can* die due to pregnancy and birth.  * The full details of the birth. How long the labour will go on for. All that time without sleeping or eating. The possibility and severity of tearing. The fact that sometimes cuts are made instead. The first that stitching them back up can leave you in terrible pain too and can be done incorrectly. The number of people who defecate while in labour. The placenta and the afterbirth. The risk of an emergency C section. The complications that come with those, the inability to lift heavy objects, the caring for a newborn while recovering from a major surgery. I have a friend who is a midwife and have heard some absolute horror stories (including clitoral tears).  * All of the stuff that happens after birth. The need for one of those giant pad/diaper things after giving birth. The stuff that can come out for weeks afterwards. I knew a girl who had a baby not long ago and no-one had told her about that part at all. The difficulties and pains some women have with breastfeeding. The risk of PPD. The lingering pain if there were tears. The possibility of lasting damage (I remember hearing about a friend of a friend who was left permanently disabled due to the effects pregnancy had on one of her hips). The changes to sex. All of this while dealing with a newborn.  I am personally never intending to have children (partially due to all of this, but for several other reasons too, I'd certainly be more likely to want children if I were a man and didn't have to deal with all of this), but the people who want to have children or who are undecided about it really need to know all of this. We don't talk about it because it is gross and a bit embarrassing and might scare people, but people deserve to know what they're getting into. There are plenty of midwives who see this stuff up close and know all the details who still go on to have children, so some people will absolutely still choose to.  I'm sorry all of this happened to you, OP. And I'm sorry you felt so uninformed. I do think we should give full details of pregnancy/birth/post-birth to our young women. A huge proportion of them will experience pregnancy at some point, and they deserve to know what they're signing up for.
For me the first 4 months were throwing up every meal, I didn't start to gain until month 5. Then month 6 I started getting UTI's without symptoms and got a terrible kidney infection. I truly thought that pregnancy was just horrible and I needed to work through it. My coworkers forced me to go to the hospital (not my boyfriend) and I was there for a week. None of his family came (mine lives across the US) and his mom thought I was foolish for not realizing I was sick. Then months 7-9 I was throwing up every meal again. Pregnancy was a beautiful experience but it also sucked horribly.   My water never broke and I went from 13 minute contractions to 4min, 15 hours in to a 19 hour labor. Nearly missed the epidural because I waited so long to go to the hospital as I didn't want to be sent home.   Got a 2nd degree tear with stitches that took 3 months to dissolve. And honestly, ladies warn your naive friends, no amount of stool softeners will help for months - honestly the worst part for me after birth, along with bleeding for 2 months and blistered, bleeding nipples for several weeks. My bf's friend told us, no problem have sex before 6 weeks - as I had 8 tight stitches, constant blood, no sleep and constipation. Yeah right.   Love my son, I'd be hard pressed to have another.
Lets hope he finds a career better suited to his beliefs.... Priest, maybe?
If you oppose marriage equality, you're anti LGBT. If you support anti-discrimination laws but want to exclude LGBT people from those, you're anti-LGBT. If you support discredited torture methods claimed to be "cures" for LGBT people, you're anti-LGBT.   This isn't a partisan conspiracy, this is words having meaning.
I'm sorry about the abuse but I'm glad you're in a much better place now!!  I'm definitely thinking of that! My fiancé and I are in the process of moving in together (we're looking for places!) so I will find a martial arts place I like after settling in. My favorite workout has always been kickboxing and I've always been interested in martial arts. Just never had the motivation to actually pursue it. Until now.
Wow! Definitely an amazing Dad. I wish all ladies could be so fortunate
That is in no way a scientific study. For all we know, you are incapable of love, or have something wrong with your physiology, or who knows. Anecdote is not science.
They don't need your pity.
&gt; do something nice for yourself that's not self-destructive: take a walk, go to the gym, help a friend with something, cook yourself a meal. It may start as an impossible/boring feeling chore but you will feel like a badass afterwards. This is also a great time to pick up a musical instrument. You got this. They are turds. You are a boss.  I just want to say, this is what saved me. I think people hear it a lot (the lawyer up, quit facebook, hit the gym mantra) and maybe write it off, but damn does it work. It was so much better to feel angry and empowered to be awesome than self loathing and blame myself. Every good thing I did, every positive step I took, I got to tell myself that it made me better than him. This is perhaps not the healthiest mindset to have; normally I'd think it's better not to build myself up by putting myself down. Here, though...years of emotional abuse, mostly self inflicted, got rewritten. Plus, I'm physically fit for the first time in my entire life. I look good. I feel strong. I'm moving toward the best version of myself, instead of away.
It's also important to keep in mind that it's tough to compare the US against other countries, as we're the only ones without universal health care. This may be a huge contributor, as lower-income women may hesitate to seek care in emergent situations, as co-pays and high deductible plans may put them into medical debt.
Oh OK so you have concrete evidence that disproves Professor Regnerus of the leftist University of Texas at Austin's conclusion on raising children with both a mother and a father?  &gt;Mark Regnerus concluded that children of gay parents fare worse than children raised by married opposite-sex parents.   https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/05/10/new-criticism-of-regnerus-study-on-parenting-study/   http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/jun/10/study-children-fare-better-traditional-mom-dad-fam/
And greater speed &amp; strength doesn't contribute to skill how?
The point is that it's not based on their sex, it's based on the games being less entertaining.  If every male in the NBA stopped being able to dunk or make big plays they would also lose viewers.
I'll tell you though, the LFL is one of the most hilarious concepts I've seen in sports. It's such an "in your face" attempt at making men watch women's American football by dressing them in as little clothing as possible.
Postpartum is after the birth. And it's case to case. The farther away from a hospital you are, the sooner you should make yourself near one. We only live a few minutes away from our birthing center, which is part of the hospital, so it was easy for us.   I'm aware that things can go wrong. I never meant to imply that they couldn't, and I don't believe I did.  We spent 20 hours laboring at home before we went to the hospital. Two hours later, it was time to push. We were able to do this because we were well educated and prepared. Not everyone has access to the classes and advice that we received. But spending those 20 hours at home instead of at a hospital was a wonderful luxury.   If anyone has any hesitation with laboring at home, then they probably shouldn't do it. Of course, if there's any expected complications, it's downright inadvisable.
What!!?  I've read this whole conversation and as you did make a couple good points (like maybe we shouldn't assume that there is zero sexism involved), I think you are really being closed minded. This person just made a really good point. And you're just brushing it off. Your really jumping through a lot of hoops to avoid the idea that maybe it isn't about sexism.   Seriously you are grasping at straws. Most people watch sports (professional sports) to see people who are the epitome of human strength, speed, and skill. If a human could dunk a basketball why would I watch a league where they weren't capable of that? I would want to see the best basketball has to offer. Regardless of age, race, or sex.   Another point: In sports that require less strength and speed and it's more skillful in nature - people do tend to watch women and women do make ALOT of money. Things like tennis, golf and though it's not a sport - poker.   Maybe just sit back and ask yourself why it is hard for you to admit to the possibility that it's not about sexism. As a woman, I know, it kind of sucks that we physically aren't what men are and that our options for careers in pro sports will never be what they are for men. Most of my golfing buddies are men. And I use the ladies tees when we play together and I still can't get the same score as most of them even though we have been playing golf for the same amount of time. It's kind of just the way it is.   Men and women are different and there are pros and cons to being both. And sometimes it has nothing to do with sexism. Although in a lot of situations it does, I don't think sports is one of them.
I thought it would be a taboo on sex story, but turned out to be so sweet! Your dad is a hero!
Where is your evidence that its sex rather than ability?
I can't offer advice, but I can say you aren't alone. This is me 100% and it's a constant strain on our relationship, because he "needs" sex on an emotional level, so he feels sad when I turn him down. But then if we do it, I'm angered with thoughts like "is that all he thinks about?" Like you said, even if its been weeks.  I can merely offer internet hugs, and suggest maybe due to your prior experience, you need to seek some therapy?
15 year olds I think.
[sad but true](http://m.huffingtonpost.com.au/2016/05/25/matildas-beaten-7-0-by-newcastle-jets-under-15-boys-team_a_21383895/)
One film that would be a good start is "The Cowboys," starring John Wayne. An older man leads a group of boys on their first cattle run, while dealing with a criminal gang that's following them. They learn lessons in leadership, discipline and overcoming obstacles along the trail.
Yes, get rid of him immediately. I see so many good women being fooled by these types. A self esteem issue or something? Idk.. These men prey on and deliberately hurt women to get what they want. A good friend of mine is currently trapped in this type of relationship. Ive said my piece to her about it, but she just keeps going back to him. He's stolen money, mentally manipulated and is getting borderline abusive to her.. It's only a matter of time
I thought it was going to be about how your dad controlled your decisions but I am so happy to see that he cared so much about you that he went through this :) Sounds like a wonderful father.
You shouln't have sex if you don't want to. Maybe you need a boyfriend with a lower sex drive.
You can't target where you're going to gain or lose fat - it's genetic.
I lived with a friend who beat the shit out of his girlfriend all the time, we arent friends anymore because I cannot forgive what I saw and I dont ever want to talk to him again but if I had to give him advice on how to change I would tell him to explore himself and not Vaginas for a while.  Edit: also do something huge that you always wanted to do that isnt relationship related.
Your dad is awesome!   Always remember the pain he inflicted on himself to make sure you had the best experience a teenager could have.
The disrespect for the effort you put in isn't ok however, it's silly to expect to compete vs male athletes. I know you have more experience and training but testosterone is shell of a drug. Men have natural steroids and bodies built for these sort of activities. You should never be feel shame for something like this. Be the best girl swimmer don't worry about the boys.
Are you suggesting women athletes should be allowed steroids?
What a wonderful father ❤️
And I deserve it
I don't look the same after having kids - one 9lbs 10 oz, which was nearly 10% of my pre-pregnancy weight. My hips expanded 8 inches ( thank goodness, I wasn't sure how the baby was going to fit thru) and, while they went partially back, I remain wider in the hips and I have some minor stretch marks. But the way I look at it, I produced *people* which is utterly amazing. If I still had my old figure (and metabolism) it would be like buying an amazing car and then never driving it in case it got dirty or scratched.
We want Dad AMA! :)
Your body is your body. Unless you take surgical or hormonal action, you're not gonna be able to control where you do and don't wear your weight.   My advice? Get over it. Learn to be comfortable in your own skin. If you can learn to be confident in yourself, then your biggest and your smallest imperfections will become total non-issues.   The things you hate most about yourself will be the first things you present to others. Just as the things you love most about yourself.
When I was a manager at a clothing company that we all know who im talking about. They forced all the women to wear the brand bras which had no wiring and it was really frustrating and I saw how pissed off it made everyone. It was one of the many bummers of working for them.
It's not about doing the right things or being the right person. It's all about just making an effort. It really is the thought that counts.
It's good to recognize that in yourself.  I'm not a therapist, counselor, or anything of the sort so this will just be some conclusions I've come to based on my experiences and conversations with others who also want to have more discipline over their reactions.   You recognize that your behaviours are wrong, so the next step I would take is considering where the behaviour comes from.   Am I projecting my behaviour onto someone and searching for reasons to prove that they're hypocritical?  Is this behaviour something I learned growing up?  What can I do to recognize the emotional/physical stimuli that makes me feel aggressive?  Am I hungry, tired, in pain, under stress, or otherwise uncomfortable?    I have also learned that it's okay to excuse myself and privately release my adrenaline (usually through tears or a lot expletives before I remind myself that I'm the only one who saw it my way), but my goal is to recompose myself as soon as I can, and to return with a more empathetic viewpoint in mind.   I'm glad you recognize that you need to change your behaviour, and I hope you continue to take accountability for yourself.  Seeking help is never something that you should feel bad about and if you think it would be beneficial, look into your community resources.
I bet you're right, they probably haven't realized how he is towards me, cause he isn't like that to them. I like the idea of sending an email because it might seem less accusatory/confrontational than in person, cause like you said they probably don't know. Thanks!!
A great anecdote and a reminded to all of us to watch ourselves for this sort of behavior and nip it in the bud. So glad your son has a supportive parent.
Nope, it's a very unique exam that you need specialized training for. Generally it's done by nurses, not doctors.
At night
Has your boyfriend ever had appendicitis? Your cramps sound as bad as mine, and at times mine *almost* come close to the pain from when my appendix decided to fail.
This is a problem a lot of women run into -- particularly mothers or family caregivers.   If you feel like you need therapy to get over this issue, then by all means seek it out!  It's important to do things for yourself, otherwise what is the point of living? It may seem extreme to think this way, but if you're never treating yourself to anything -- particularly *your own time*, you're living a slavish existence. In servitude to whoever needs you.   It might help to think about it this way: if you aren't 100%, you can't help others to the best of your ability.   I'm not saying you shouldn't be good-natured, but please don't let people take advantage of you. You need things too.
Um, HPV is an STD. So, if it's checking for HPV its checking for an STD. It's also looking for precancerous or cancerous cells on the cervix. You can get cervical cancer that is not cause by HPV.
I know what you mean - I have a really warm-hearted friend who is just the same.  Unfortunately it was 15 years ago and I can't remember enough details to really ascertain the jist of her sentence!
I did everything i could to show him how to be independent. I grew up in a very different enviorment to him, and my family and me used to provide a means of excape from his clutches whenever he needed to ger away from his dad. Ultimately i think this is why his dad started to resent me, because I allowed my ex to escape him. My ex used to hide his money in my accounts, just so his dad couldnt see what he was doing with it.
A man should not need to object and a child should not need his father to object in order for a legal and medical record to be based on factual evidentiary information.    I'm not saying everyone should formally adopt. I'm saying that's what you do when a child is *not* biologically yours.  But then it's done properly informed of the actual situation.
I don't know like even in a social context without the hitting on someone, who the fuck just _runs_ up to a random stranger, unless you know the person that's kinda really weird lol.   Oh hey there's a person who likes nice let's just fucking book it right into someone else's personal space to say that. Gives off kinda the "this person is not okay" vibes ya know?   I don't know that's how I see it, like it fine to find someone attractive, I think it's even fine to tell that person but you gotta learn to be casual about it and then let that be it. Don't expect people to respond to you if you run up to a person you don't know or you're being just hella rude. Don't being going up in people's spaces. This is for the guys and the girls.   I had this one women who kept caging me in a corner and getting up all in my face while I was volunteering at a zoo. She came off as rude and incredibly fucking creepy while trying to say stuff about me. She even block the exit from me and I had to go through the front door and then hide in the back room because she was just waiting there for like and hour.  Just be normal person with an idea of social context, okay everybody?
The best way to support her would be to try to convince her to make an emergency call to a health care provider that can help her.  It isn't too late for her to get antivirals that could help prevent her from catching an STI.  If you want a few more days, it will be too late. Her current and future health and fertility (if that is important to her) is at risk. Does she need plan B?  As terrible as it would be to push her for it now, it will probably be less traumatic than an abortion.
I swear I would have crashed! Props to you! I think everyone around me heard my deadly scream holy shit all I can say is he got me real good.
I am weird, have been called weird plenty of times. I've also been called interesting and it honestly comes across the same to me. I can appreciate it, but it depends on the context.
I live in Texas and haven't interacted with a transgender yet. I'm 26, and when I do, interact with one I'll treat them as a normal person, but with that comes mistakes. I accidentally called a lesbian that looked male "man"  It happened when I said "no problem, man", but after I realized my mistake I thought about it for like 15 seconds and blew it off. It comes with the territory, and I don't think that anyone should be held responsible for mistaking a gender or a slip of the tongue. It's a mistake not an attack
Yes Will do that. Actually quite sad to hear you didn't experience the same haha.
 Who? I can't imagine anyone holds those views
I'm saying you're better off saying we have literal contracts because otherwise it's open to interpretation frequently.  How exactly do you determine "obviously 100% into it"? Are you suggesting exact words like requiring both partners to say they are 100% into it and are enthusiastic?  It's just not realistic to impose a standard onto people while at the same time having what qualifies as that standard be vague as fuck.  We only know in hindsight here that the person didn't want to have sex. But how does that mean she must have shown signs she wasn't into it? This is only going off her version.   So yes if you want 100% clear consent...the only even close to realistic is a law requiring literal contracts. Sure it will kill the mood, but it will kill the mood for everyone and won't be subjective.
I will admit I don't have depression nor anxiety to the point of it interfering too bad in my life - which may be the difference. I do remember it taking a while - so don't give up hope yet. I'm just worried for you with how bad it is.
&gt; You could also argue that since it's made the news, and that since there are efforts to change the 1979 ruling through legislation—that it's not rape culture.  So rape culture doesn't exist because where's the evidence? Unless we show you evidence of it, at which point that evidence is evidence that it doesn't exist because we noticed it and are outraged by it?  (sigh)
No, it doesn't make sense to me. It sounds rediculous. Saying that the struggles of &lt;1% of the population, who are living on the edge,  could erase the struggles of the &gt;99% sounds fantastical, a weird obsession.  Most people, for their entire lives, have never even been aware of trans people, because trans people are so marginalized. Go to a retirement home and interview old people if you don't think so.  Trans voices *do not* drown out cis voices.   When you hear a trans person's story, most of their struggle is with people who have never encountered the issue and are absolutely clueless as to how cruel their assumptions and behavior are.  These people feel threatened, sometimes violently, by the very existence of the trans person.  Whatever cis women have as struggles (and it is a lot), no one feels threatened by learning of their mere existence.  The only way a group that consists of 1% of the population can overwhelm the other 99% is if they have all the power.  Like the wealthy 1% or elite experts (athletes, scientists, entertainers). This is not the situation for trans people.  They have no method of concentrating power.  Not only that, but trans people do not have cookie cutter lives. Some start their transition at 90, some at 9.  Does a trans woman who goes through female puberty at 12 not experience life as a woman?    I can't see any reason for cis only, except to further marginalize trans people. The tiny percentage of trans women in a gathering of women are not going to take over and drown out the vast majority voices of cis women.
Don't waste your time with her, she won't be persuaded.
So a man is nothing more than a violent rapist that we should always assume can't stop having sex because of urges.  Gotcha
You're just coming up with excuses to be a rapist really.
Which actions? Trusting men?
No worries. Good to share an aussie artists that might also help through hard times.
Yeah, I'm gonna go with cut men can feel pain whilst having sex, from...uh...personal experience with them.
...No, that's not it at all. Not even a little bit. Like 99% of headlines based on bills, it's just garbage designed to fire people up.  None of you probably actually read through it, so here. https://legiscan.com/MO/bill/SB5/2017/X2  The only thing I could find that even comes close is this:  &gt;Every hospital, abortion facility, pathology lab, medical research entity, and any other facility involved in performing or inducing an abortion shall establish and implement a written policy relating to the protections for employees who disclose information concerning actual, potential, or alleged violations of applicable federal or state laws or administrative rules, regulations, or standards.  Which is just whistleblower protection. What I think everyone got worked up over,  &gt;"Patient abstract data", data submitted by hospitals which includes but is not limited to ... principal and other procedures  is only to be included in an annual report the general assembly wants. But,  &gt;The report shall not disclose any personal patient information prohibited by law and shall maintain the confidentiality of all personal information of patients, facility personnel, and facility physicians.  So I really don't know what the deal is. Am I missing something, or is this article just a load of hot shit?
Texan too, and though I work indoors, its shift work and tends to get hot so makeup doesn't make sense. And not many make comments nor care, though when I occasionally do throw on lipstick everyone notices hahah. Honey, long as  you feel comfortable in your own skin just keep doing what you do!
&gt; Every time I hear stories like this I just can't believe there's men who do this.   "Grab them by the pussy"
Well, I noticed a general change in him a couple months ago. I tried talking to him about it, and all he could tell me was that "he remembered something." Honestly the story of 'him' is rather complicated. He was a marine who has been to Afghanistan and he suffers from PTSD, but doesn't talk about details. I recently graduated with my BA in psychology. Doesn't do shit for finding a job, but the little knowledge I have from it has helped me out here, especially learning about the abuse cycle in almost every course. I also know PTSD can display itself as explosive anger, and I believe that is what was happening to him.  I feel bad for him, but it doesn't excuse what he did, and he wont seek help, so theres nothing I can do.  My friends and family have been extremely supportive once I confided in them what has been going on and I couldn't be more grateful for that.  I also wasn't expecting so much support from strangers on the internet but it has really helped me want to keep my distance from him.
I think you covered it. I do feel that it is a problem when a woman "traps" a man by lying about birth control. Currently the onus is on the man as they have the option to use a condom and remove any doubt, which I feel is unfair.  Regarding the spread of infection, overwhelmingly that's going to be a condom, so really that responsibility is the man's. If femidoms were in popular use, I would feel the exact same way if I woman lied about using one.
You have to put your own oxygen mask on first before you can help someone else. You've had a lot of upsetting things happen -- try to carve out a little quiet time and space and take some deep breaths, and stop thinking yourself into an emotional frenzy. Just sit, drink something hot and sweet, and let your brain calm down.   Once you're not trapped in an emotional feedback loop, you'll be able to think more clearly and come up with solutions. Or at least not feel so overwhelmed and panicked. Good luck.
She isn't jumping the gun, she's shooting it.   Seriously there isn't anything even slightly unhealthy with what you recounted, and frankly I don't see the prudish accusations of oversharing either.   Be careful listening to this friend, accusations can be toxic, you did the right thing to ask for a second opinion rather than second guessing every conversation in your relationship in a vacuum, especially if you are a little low in self confidence.
Just in case you change your mind about him...... I'm in Southern California.  You are looking at lasting character traits that stand the test of time.
That's good you two could have a laugh :)
Crosby Stills Nash said it best. couple verses from his song.  Don't be angry, don't be sad Don't sit crying over good times you've had There's a man right next to you And he's just waiting for something to do  And there's a rose in a fisted glove And the eagle flies with the dove And if you can't be with the one you love honey Love the one you're with
Thank you for your reply. I understand. That's why I wanted to make sure he wouldn't still be mad when he got home so I did a few things.   His come home and told me I owe him for a sleepless and uncomfortable night. But I understand I pissed him off majorly.
This dude knows you're married, touches and flirts with you daily, and from your wording it seems he's made multiple further advances, specifically after you expressed your lack of interest / willingness to comply??   Ask yourself if this is even the type of man you want to be around. If the answer is yes, then we don't need to crucify you, you'll do that plenty fine on your own.
Maybe listening to the TED Talk about Owning Your Face could help you? The speaker is a man who has dealt with having a very different looking face all his life, and he has som pretty good advice on it. You could look it up on youtube :)
They're here to empower women and promote peace with ak47s.   Because Kung Fu is a weapon.
&gt;His come home and told me I owe him for a sleepless and uncomfortable night.  Oh, nonono, that's very wrong. He should have come home and apologised for his behaviour. It's sort of understandable that he was pissed in the middle of the night, it should not, but it can happen to the best of us. But come day, when he's awake and has come to his senses, he should have apologised and *NOT* said that you owe him. Under no circumstances you owe him anything. You *can't* control your PTSD.
For the last couple I was the pursuer and they never panned out. I ended up with three very good guy friends.  I hardly doubt I am the medicore type, even if compared to other races.
I don't think there's anything unreasonable about feeling uncomfortable while someone touches your significant other up.
Are you going with opwall?   Anyways I bought a diva cup when I did a very similar thing in Honduras (camping and trekking) and TBH the whole time I was cursing and wishing I brought tampons. It's a hassle to deal with IMO.
You look amazing!! Congratulations !! As a side note, 85llbs doesn't resonate as much as 6stone for us in UK. (For me anyway ) All the very best for a healthy, happy future!
Yes! Use Penzu!!!   When I was 20 I left my diary at a person's house whom I do not trust. I am plagued with day dreams of him looking through my diary with his friends and laughing hysterically, making a mockery of my deepest emotions. A year ago I got back into journaling after 6 years of being terrified thanks to Penzu! I feel very protected.   Plus, for me personally, I can express myself better when I am typing because I type faster than I write, and can also easily correct silly grammar mistakes with a quick edit after I'm done with my post.
You  could try /r/legaladvice
Just tell her , if you want to downplay it just go "I know this might be a bit silly and you don't do it on purpose, but it kinda bothers me when you touch my boyfriend so much." It might help if your boyfriend is willing to let her know that it upsets him too.
You could also do a $5 or $10 monthly donation. Reliable micro-funding may be even more important to them as the GOP tries to shut them down in the coming years.
Honestly, I think it all depends on how you look. The more physically attractive you are, the easier it is to get sex. I think it is true for both men and women.
No offense but from what I've read in your sources, it seems like there is no consensus and there are several different types of treatments. I couldn't find where it said aligning the body with the brain is the best treatment.
Ok, but if you aren't aware or refuse to accept that your experience is not universal, you'll be critiqued for your ignorance. Don't cry about it, that's all. It comes with the territory of insisting that you not be expected to learn the thing you're writing about.
Honestly, there are just a lot of barriers here that lead to a lot of vitriol. I've spent most of my life not being shy about my period, because I don't consider it to be something shameful. However, I can't even ask another woman at work to borrow a tampon without any man in earshot telling me that I'm grossing them out, to keep that stuff between us, etc. A guy might ask me why I'm tired, and I might say, "Oh, I'm going into the second week of my period." And they'll freak out, insisting that I should have just said I wasn't feeling well.  So I dunno, man. I'm trying to normalize it. But aside from a very few men, I have not come across many who had any willingness to learn about periods. I honestly don't feel like we're the ones who are making it off limits.
A seed is an underdeveloped plant, given a different name regarding attributes, nonetheless a seed contains the same DNA as if it were a fully grown plant, therefore it logically is a plant.   And because it requires some support from the mother, that makes it okay to kill it?
I'm interested in understanding what you hope to accomplish. Let's say I'm a fairly good looking straight white male. I'm tall and I am in good physical condition. I have a relatively high paying job. Maybe I've benefited from privilege more than I care to acknowledge. What do you want me to do about it?     It's exhausting to hear about it so frequently. I wonder if you get exhausted thinking about it. But to answer your question - people like us don't really think about it. We only know our experience. There's always someone in a better position. I have my privilege, but I see people that are better looking and better educated, from a wealthier background who get nice investment banking jobs making a million plus per year. If I had been raised the same I'd probably get to do that too as long as I was willing to work for it. However, I do recognize that where they are in life is their experience and doesn't affect my experience.     Is the goal to bring me down a peg to give someone less "privileged" a chance at my job? Are we going to begin measuring the pay gap for different qualities and then rate everyone on a scale to ensure fair outcomes?
Alcohol. Next question!
Quite the contrary I'm showing you what can happen if he won't accept that his method of conflict resolution is not productive or conducive to a healthy relationship.  The number one key to any relationship is communication. If you can't communicate about tough topics because one person isn't interested in truly listening or admitting they may be wrong, how can you have a healthy happy relationship?  He has to want to change. If he doesn't literally nothings you do can fix this, just paper over it until you're resentment builds.   That's the truth for how a scenario like this plays out. Or you learn to never argue. What fun that sounds like.
Of course, because in France, per the legal system, society not biology determines the father.
It's getting so ridiculous in this sub
Well, lucky for me science disagrees with your biased opinion.
I think the evidence is still very mixed and misoprostol has its own side effects.  My understanding is that it isn't really totally clear.  Edited because I included data about buccal rather than vaginal use.  I'll instead include the link to the Cochrane review: http://www.cochrane.org/CD007373/FERTILREG_methods-reduce-pain-insertion-intrauterine-contraception
Ha. It seems unanimous.
If an attractive girl went up to a dude and was like hey let's bang, I'm almost 95% sure the last question anyone would ask is "do you have a bf?"
This happened to me - but it turned out it was another medication I'd started taking - Topiramate. You could check if there were any other changes you made around then. If it's 4 years old it's due for renewal in a year I think? You could go back a little early.  Just wanted to add that they don't recommend tampons with mirena - apparently it's best to stick with pads. Not my favourite - but there you go. That said - I'm not the period police x
I've dealt with men that behave exactly the same way.
We did take a course and frequently go to the gun range where we are members.   I'll take your notes about the shotgun into consideration for home defense purposes.  What sorts of upgrades would be beneficial? I'm thinking about changing out our deadbolts on the front door and two back doors (weird design, don't ask) to ones that cannot be picked with standard lock-picking tools. What do I need to look into for windows?  [First-time homeowner and never had anything like this happen near me, so I'm pretty green]
Did it taste bad?
Kimmy Schmidt?
I'm currently about 11 weeks pregnant and have tried to read everything I can get my hands on, still though I felt uncomfortable when my midwife asked me at my first appointment if I had any questions.  I didn't because any questions I could come up with I researched, but what if there are things I don't know about and because of that I don't know to ask about them?  You don't know what you don't know, right?
If both people know, and it's okay to sleep with an outside party then that's not cheating. :) You're describing an open, possibly poly relationship.
Looking at the scientific evidence, there is more evidence for naproxen (Aleve) as opposed to ibuprofen.  I actually ended up taking naproxen regularly every day for the week before my appointment - that's what I always did for menstrual pain, because doctors have always told me that depleting the prostaglandin in advance helps and I figured why the heck not.  Then before the insertion, I took toradol (prescription NSAID) and some extra strength Tylenol (it's safe to mix them).  But if I hadn't had the toradol on hand I would have gone with a double dose of naproxen.  You could also ask about putting a heating pad on your lower abdomen during the procedure to help with cramping.  Anxiety pills are also not a bad idea if anxiety is a part of your pain.  There is no clear scientific evidence for numbing shots, numbing gels, pre-insertion misoprostol, or having the appointment while you're on your period, though some doctors feel strongly about those.  The literature is mixed and some studies show harm.  Cochrane review here if you're into that: http://www.cochrane.org/CD007373/FERTILREG_methods-reduce-pain-insertion-intrauterine-contraception  Have you actually discussed pain control with the doctor doing it?  I know you said that you don't think they offer anything, and maybe they don't if you've never had one before, but if you have a history of horrific pain, perhaps they'd be willing to give you a dose of an opiate or something like that.
She should talk to a lawyer.
I am so sorry that you are going through this. You mentioned that you go to school. I've heard that some schools offer free or low-cost counseling. I hope that your life improves. If it makes you feel better, my mom struggled with depression and was trapped in a bad marriage for a lot of my childhood. She went to school and eventually was able to leave my father. Things are lot better now and she's very happy. Don't lose hope!
**Do not** pay the debt collector. By doing so, you tacitly admit, in the view of the law, that the debt is indeed yours, which of course it's not. I would very carefully review the /r/personalfinance wiki entry for [collections](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections).
You'll never see this girl again most likely, and it'd be rude to make the assumption she has an eating disorder.  Maybe she hasn't had fast food in a while and she's having an adverse reaction to it -- there's no way to really know.
Thanks! This is what I was looking for.
first off, i'm so sorry you're going through this. i've battled my own demons and i could never imagine having done it as a single parent. what i do know is that my depression got 10x worse the more i overworked myself. i understand you need to work and are probably going to school to better your life for you and your child, but maybe slow things down, take less classes. as far as finances and food supply, there are local food pantries that will feed entire families of four, seek one out. as far as counseling, i'm not sure where you live, but there are usually mental health clinics that will provide services for a sliding scale. i remember my mom only paying $5 a visit when she was going to one. maybe someone at your school can help?   i'm just trying to help take some pressure off of you. i've been through it all in terms of mental health/substance abuse so if i can help in any way please just message me.
From your description, it sounds like what you want is a little bit of anxiety in your relationship. Anxiety is related to uncertainty, uncertainty is related to possibility, and possibility is related to excitement. What you had with the DJ was a constant sense of uncertainty, but also possibility and excitement. With this other man, there's a lot less room for uncertainty, and he may not be inherently that exciting. Because there's nothing about him that makes you anxious, he doesn't have the same hook that the DJ or previous men may have had. There's nothing wrong with wanting both stability and excitement, but you need to understand that the two don't often go hand in hand. If you're interested in someone more stable than exciting, then you may need to put more effort into the whole excitement side of things. Next time you see this guy, try going on a date that will get your heart racing, and see if that helps you relate to him differently.
I'm in a somewhat similar boat. I was married and got divorced two years ago. Since then, I have really, really enjoyed my life. I go out dancing, I travel (alone or w/ friends) I have a boyfriend, social life, etc. And there are days when I think this is all so awesome. My entire income (and it's generous) goes to me and only me. I can spoil myself and afford nice restaurants and vacations and a beautiful apartment, etc. I can up and go whenever I want. It's amazing to have freedom + financially stability to actually enjoy life.   I just turned 34 this month and it makes me wonder if I actually want to have kids. I won't tie my tubes just yet. If I meet someone and get married again and it works out that we both want a child - I think I am still open to it, but I have to say that every year that goes by without one feels pretty damn OK to me. Good luck with whatever you decide!
No, the insecurities are just different. You see a lot more women worried about their partner viewing porn because porn is very visual and society often judges a woman's sexiness based on her appearance. Men are more worried that they won't live up to a woman's past experiences because society judges a man's sexiness on his performance.
I would definitely encourage her to talk to a trained therapist, not one of those Christian counseling groups that will make it worse. I assume this is a very fresh incident so it is going to take time.   The reasoning that helped me in the beginning was that the future has tons of potential. When I eat a pecan in the yard that is no way prohibiting me from planting the next one I find to become a beautiful tree. My yard has the potential for many new trees should I choose to plant them.  What has brought peace to me in the present is my children. I have two toddlers who absolutely would not exist had I made a different decision in the past.   She knows what she wants and has the intelligence to consider the future and all options. When the time is right- she will make an excellent mother.  I would also speak to her about her boyfriend and see if it was coercion or if she feels so guilty she is allieviating it by putting the blame on him. If it's the former she needs to ditch him, if it's the latter they need relationship counseling, pronto. That gets toxic very quickly.
"I feel entitled to touch everyone because they exist, regardless if they want me to or not."   Touching is active. Eye contact is passive. It's not a valid comparison.   You're  comparing sexual abuse victims to autistic people. GG.   Also what's insulting about asking if your need to touch strange people without  consent extends to children? I think that's perfectly valid.
How about this, would you marry a man who's 70?
I had a debate about that. I agree to a certain extent. I think societal factors play a huge role though.
Glad to help. There is nothing wrong with not wanting to have children.
I would say marrying someone who's decades older than me is much more extreme than dating a person that's slept with ten more people than me.
If it were earlier in her pregnancy I would agree with you.  But to a lot of people, intentionally killing a fetus that could live outside the womb feels a lot like murder.   &gt;However mentally and/or physically ill people are most at risk of doing so. This is undeniable. Do you really want to coin toss with that kids life? Really? Is it smart to play russian roulette with this kids life?  I mean, bi-polar disorder runs in my family and my husband's family, and we have two kids together. So apparently my answer to that question is a resounding yes.  Meanwhile I've had people tell me on multiple occasions that I should have aborted my children.   Perhaps that's why I feel for OP in this situation instead of just shouting at her that she has to abort her baby.   &gt;As for combatting it ahead of time, alot of places refuse therapy and even medecine before a certain age. It is highly probable they suffer for years before getting help (in what concerns mental health— as for physical health, there is much less restrictions)  Medicine, yes, but it is certainly possible to find therapy for very young children.
We've all had to face that fear. Along with many other fears. It's just part of being an adult.  And, while my post is short and blunt, it's also supportive.  I've succinctly summarized the problem, I've offered my empathy and I've offered 3 possible options.  Please tell me exactly which part of my response you found to be a "danger" and I'll attempt to address your specific concern.
&gt;or acted even slightly more friendly towards him than I would to anyone else.  Communication is just as important with people you don't like as it is with people you do. If I worked at the university and you reported it to me the first thing I would ask is "Did you make your feelings known?"  If you are uncomfortable say "you're making me uncomfortable", "I want to be left alone", You can even butter it up with "no offense to you but I don't want to talk".  There's nothing wrong with saying what you want.  Edit: Just to clarify: Body language is not clear to everyone as your story demonstrates, use your words.
This has never meant anything and has always been just a way to keep people docile; we're talking about a country whose federal currency says "In God we trust". Over here we are a 70% nontheist country where the currency contains (translated) "God be with us" as well...  constitutions in general are mostly just a way to keep people docile; they are bent and broken whenever it's convenient. In the US the ultimate authority on the constitution is the supreme court and really they just do whatever they want. 5 of them thought that constitution gave a right to same sex marriage, 4 of them thought it did not. That document is so vague that you can read into it whatever you want really; notwithstanding that all those people on that court are appointed _because_ they are super partial. Each side whenever they get to appoint picks the biggest advocate and judicial activist for their cause that they can possibly find so you end up with 4 people who might as wel put "D" behind their name and 4 who might as well put "R" behind their name with Kennedy the only one who can make up his own mind.  Over here it's even weirder. Our constitution prohibits courts from testing the constitution out of fear that the US situation would occur which would make the courts a pseudo-legislative that get creative in their interpretation; so who tests the constitution here? _the legislative_. The same people that make laws get to decide whether those laws are constitutional. It's like trying yourself for murder. What happens in practice that people just obey their party whip.  Our constitution explicitly prohibits any law that treats the sexes differently and this dates from 1981 yet it took till 2002 to get same sex marriage and till 2016 to extend the draft to women and it's stil not possible for women to serve in a submarine; this is how useless these constitutions are. They are documents about equality written down by people who had slaves with wives who couldn't vote.
My SO is nigerian. After 2 years I finally convinced her I really love her natural hair. I couldn't stand all the fake hair all the time. I totally don't mind sometimes but damn do I love her natural hair and look :).
&gt; Also...he has some of his own money that his parents give him from properties they gifted him. That's why he hasn't had a real job in 10 years or graduated school  This man is a child. And he's behaving like one in your relationship too. I'd get out.
Hi fellow Washingtonian! I was offering something similar, although I have no kids.  We could all meetup and do something stress relieving.
My brother-in-law went to NOLA for his bachelor party, and it was all just drinking, good times, and the Red Dress Run.  Check your connotations at the door.
The question is, do you love him?
And neither do you lol they were obviously not trying to define some objective definition of fun. And you also don't get to dictate whether or not someone considered cheating, so there's that.
Gained 25 pounds with Mirena. BUT I also got it right after I had a baby, so with all the craziness my eating habits have not been great so it could be a combo. On the plus, in the last 2 weeks I have been working on that and have now lost 9 pounds. So, at least it is possible to fairly easily lose weight with it.
Sure, and based on the information from OP, fuck this guy.  But the idea that people in healthy, committed relationships can't participate in bachelor parties doesn't make  much sense.
"I have a JD and masters degree. He hasn't had a real job in 10 years or graduated school," that is why you should leave him, the cheating is just the catalyst. Do you seriously think he's going to suddenly get his shit together once you marry? It wont happen.
I think she could see his texts on the iPad because it's probably linked to his iPhone. I had the exact same thing happen when I caught a boyfriend cheating.
That's not typical though, most people don't spend thousands of dollars to go fishing...
No.
Is it in the jerk manual about cheating or something? My ex thought that using condoms was free pass to cheat too. I was so mad at him because we had a just had a baby. I didn't want to be pregnant again!  I left him, and I married a lot better almost ten years ago. He's better at both being a father and husband.
Mah man! Shit, my bachelor party was in the executive suite that my best man rented for us. The 9 of us just drank and played wii-u games like smash bros and mario kart while chillin in the jacuzzi and eating buffalo wild wings.
Then you have your answer. He's not changing. You're not crazy to leave and eventually find a better relationship.  You're not happy with him. It's not going to change.
not cool what the school did to her.
Yo I'm a dude and I know this chick needs to dump this guy asap
He pays for all that shit?
Because when you face sexual harassment or sexism in a female dominated work place, no one will give a single fuck.  Not your friends, not society, not the school administration.  Those things are "women's issues" and if you as a man claim to be a victim of them you will be dismissed like an annoying mosquito.  So you better be ready to defend yourself and you better have thicker skin than most women in male dominated fields, because you will not get the same support they get.
No because beating is immoral in 100% of cases. However, working two jobs for your husband is probably only abuse in 9/10 cases, and we do not know their arrangement isnt the 1/10 times.
The other woman is the one that told me. Whatever I think of her personally, the ONE thing that I said to her publicly was, "Thank you."   My guy had me convinced I was crazy.  I was on medication and having bad reactions.  The other woman telling me, well.. it hurt to know that my SO betrayed me, and someone (the other woman) who was nice to my face could do something like this to me behind my back.  It was terrible...    ...but...    ...the first thing I said? "I'm not crazy."    You should tell her.  The other woman telling me gave me the information I needed to make the *right* decisions in my own life.  You don't owe her anything, but I think telling her is the right thing to do.  Not telling isn't just not telling - it is actively helping the guy continue to cheat on her, lie to her, use her, and put her health at risk.
Yeah he does. He also pays for cam girls too.
From what I've seen, it looks like you and his parents have made it so he's never really had to be responsible for himself. He hasn't needed to get a job, most likely had responsibility swept under the rug by his parents. He's not really had life kick his ass so he can grow up a bit here.   If you take him back now, he'll not learn the consequences of his actions and figure out what it takes to being a decent person in a relationship. I know you said you two have been together for 7 years, but if all he's ever known is the Easy Street, you don't know what kind of person he'll be if you run into rough times.   I don't know.. It's not fair that all of the expenses fall on you, that you work two jobs, that he goes off for a fancy bachelor's party leaving you at home with the kids. And then he cheats with a chance "out" and "unsupervised." I mean.. really? I wouldn't be surprised if this happened before.   Call a separation. Pick yourself up, pull the trigger on that good money, do what you need to for your family. He hasn't really shown he's as invested in maintaining and helping out with the family.   The guy needs to grow up. If he sold those properties, that money is going to dry up, and then he'll be in a tough spot unless he can figure out how to be a little more self-sufficient, not rely on you to hold jobs.   Edit: Yeah.. don't listen to HIS mother. She has a natural bias. And last I checked, unless rape was involved, it takes two to make the beast with two backs, so.. "evil women" are not wholly to blame for this. And his text suggests he was the one driving for it.
This may be an unpopular opinion, but don't destroy everything just yet without looking at all the options and figuring out what's going in with him. People can be good people and still sleep with others. Some do that responsibly in their marriages. Not saying that you should go that route, but if you want to keep him around, you technically can.
I would love to see that in person.   This is how I imagine it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdCKaSMWg18
This is actually untrue. Did you know that astronomy and computer science were predominantly done by women in the past? It was considered "women's work", but now the perception has flipped.   So to say that STEM careers naturally disinterest women is just blatantly false.
Funny how the bad stories are always fake. Your life must be going so well that you can't conceive this horrible thing happening to anyone. I'm so happy for you!
Cheating happens, it's human nature while monogamy is not.
Be with someone who doesn't lie and make you feel like your not enough?
yeah thats definitely a problem. refer him to a torrent site.
Nope sorry I don't accept that.   When I cheated on my SO I was making a shitty choice and being a horrible person - temporarily. But I'm not a horrible person overall. I'm sometimes a great person.  Everyone has light and shade in them, and to write someone off entirely due to one mistake they made during possibly an awful and highly pressured time in their life is unnecessary, shortsighted and sanctimonious.
he moved on......just move on and tell yourself this: "I deserve the best"  Don't worry, their are billions of other guys on this planet
This is not normal. With that said, some kids can have fused labia. For some kids it can repeatedly happen. Have you spoken with your doctor? If that was a childhood issue, she may have been trying to fix a medical problem. I would not jump to conclusions so quickly.
Maybe he's just one of those people that has no personal boundaries and assume others don't either, or maybe he's a creep. Definitely wasn't polite on his part, but it's really not that big of a deal unless he consistently asks her inappropriate questions
Agreed. This was the last chance I was gonna give DCEU and, while they didn't knock me on my ass, they've done a good job. I particularly liked how she was written as a hero rather than girl-power emotional rollercoaster of half-arsed written crap we usually get with female characters.  The only downside is that they don't really get you emotionally invested into Diana early on for her departure to mean something. We were told it was a big decision rather than being shown how big of a decision it was.
Hmmmm there's nothing wrong with those things, but doesn't encompass the more dangerous behavior.
saw it and really enjoyed the movie, can't wait for justice league!
i mean that's not entirely true 3 transformer movies have RT critic scores at ~24 and audience scores of ~54. those movies have made BILLIONS of dollars. All DCEU have done pretty good as well.
That's because we saw the Diana that had just left Themyscira. She IS naive. She was purposely sheltered from a lot of things by her mother and the rest because they wanted to keep the only child they had seen in ages as innocent as possible. They only agreed to train her when she started doing so in secret. This Diana had history and lore and languages taught to her, but she was sheltered from the realities of the world and had no way to see it firsthand until she left. She was a warrior queen in training whose trainers wanted to keep her from those burdens as long as possible.  I expect that the Diana we get in Justice League and sequels is going to be a lot less naive. Still have some of the innocence and goodness that makes WW who she is, who wants to see the kindness and grace in people first, but she'll be more realistic about how people work and more willing with her head than her heart.
Not just almost.  Easily the best yet.  The first time they captured the soul of a character as solidly as this.
&gt;Like seriously I want to see the next female version of MLK    What do you mean by this?
You're welcome 😊
Totally agree.   You need a plan that will keep you safe the day you decide to move out. He will be angry and will try and make you stay one way or another. Start researching community supports: shelters, social service agencies, etc. that can help you with the whole process of moving out and establishing yourself. If you have social services that help out financially, find out what you need in order to apply so they can help you as soon as you leave your father's house. I agree with your friend in that this is not a normal situation and I'm very sorry you're experiencing this.
I think Wonder Woman should be a bit more muscle-y, you know. Gal is a great actress and she did an amazing job, but it feels like she wouldn't even be able to hold a sword or a shield.  **Edit**: It's just an opinion, sheesh. I'm sure if someone cast me as Zeus I would look out of place too.  **Edit**: Now I look like a fool lol.
Good for her. I saw the movie yesterday with my girlfriend and we both really enjoyed it. It felt organic and honest, a little cliche, and the ending could have been better if someone else were used , but it will certainly be  a favorite.
https://today.yougov.com/news/2016/10/03/young-americans-less-wedded-monogamy/  Has 19% cheating.   https://psychcentral.com/blog/archives/2013/03/22/how-common-is-cheating-infidelity-really/  Has 25% cheating  http://healthresearchfunding.org/26-surprising-statistics-cheating-spouses/  This has 60% engaging in "some kind of infidelity" which I believe can include emotional cheating but not sure. It also concludes that the chances of a spouse cheating over the course of a lifetime is 1 in 4 (so 25%). It has some conflicting stats though.
Ambetter is wrong. Your Nexplanon should have been covered. There are time limits to appeal, but your healthcare provider should have filled this out and sent it -twice. https://ambetter.superiorhealthplan.com/content/dam/centene/Superior/Ambetter/PDFs/TX_AMB_Claim_Dispute_Form.pdf After that, you can appeal to the Texas Department of Insurance.http://www.tdi.texas.gov//consumer/complfrm.html In addition, Ambetter has Nexplanon listed on their Drug Formulary.https://ambetter.superiorhealthplan.com/content/dam/centene/Superior/Ambetter/PDFs/2017_tx_formulary.pdf  It is covered. The problem is that Ambetter never updated their covered drug list. Nexplanon is the new implant and uses Etonogestrel, which isn't listed in their billing codes (or whatever) as covered because they need to update their system. Instead they still have Levonorgestrel listed as the covered drug. Levonorgestrel is the drug (basically the same) that was in the old implant, Implanon - which providers aren't using anymore. They are now using Nexplanon- which is, per Ambetter, covered. Bottom Line: NEXPLANON is covered. Also, the poster above is wrong. The insurance companies need to cover your birth control if they are listed on the FDA's list of approved birth control - as Ambetter says in their schedule of benefits. Don't give up. It should have been covered. Ambetter requires the provider to do the first appeals - probably per their contracts with the providers - it is not just a favor to you - filing the claims is likely part of their contract with the insurance companies.
I am and I do. They are amazing people and I'm honoured they share life with me
The lying and victimization is wrong, as is the pressuring.  However, in a well run CPC, they are giving information you won't see come from abortion clinics.
Nice! I'll definitely check it out when it comes to HBO/Netflix!   *Say I'm interested in the movie and get downvoted. Well done.
Right?   In my group we have business owners, office managers, government workers, writers, artists, scientists, teachers, SAHMs. Some have kids, some don't, it doesn't matter. It's all those different perspectives that make us all able to connect and learn and share together. They are really all amazing.
I don't think this relationship was going to work out anyway. Let her go.
I could wear more.  I typically just use mascara, sometimes some eyeliner.  Thanks!
Well, you could always take up knitting. It worked out well for me.
Newest guidelines in the US are every 3 years starting at age 21. After age 30, you can go to every 5 years as long as everything is normal.
Have you tried r/vaginismus and r/vulvodynia ?  Both are pretty female-centric and have some great threads :)  Have you been using dilators at all?  I've been using them in conjunction with physiotherapy to help with the tightness, and my gynecologist prescribed some lidocaine gel to help with the pain.
It's not wrong to be incompatible or at different stages in life.
Eh, haven't knitted anything since my trip to my grandma's when I was 10 haha. Maybe I will :)
Can you explain here?
There's lots of things we can do to resolve those issues. We can look at increasing those safety nets, or federally funded abortions, or anything else we can come up with. That doesn't change the question on if it's fair to make someone be a "host" for something they don't want?   I apply "host" here to mean the woman being forced to carry a child, or the father being forced to pay child support. They are supplying it with the necessities of life.
"choice in avoiding the pregnancy" there's a reason there's literally no contraceptive that's listed at 100% accuracy. You can use every contraceptive and still get pregnant. Does that mean you should be forced to keep it?   And we're talking about fetuses, not babies.   And Why is it always about the women in these arguments? It's all fine and dandy if men want sex and have at it, and hey! if they get the women pregnant they shouldn't have to pay child support cause they never wanted the baby in the first place. Abstinence is not a solution, can we please stop trying to treat it as one.
No it just makes peeing in a pool you've never peed in that much scarier
I had one once where I stopped having a period. Went off it for a while and was never able to replicate the effect with any other pill (this one was name brand and expensive so I was being cheap switching). Would not do again. Stay on it if all is otherwise good!
I agree with your first point. There's so many options. Hire a hooker, get a sex toy, swap hands, do anything that doesn't destroy another person's psyche and violate them horrifically.   I don't agree with the second part though, that's victim blaming. And it also assumes that all guys are scumbags.
I can confirm. Nope.
This comment really stuck with me-- I'm in the process of legally changing my surname and am having a lot of backlash from (mostly male) family members. But this pretty much expresses why it's important to me.
I think it is entirely possible to get an amazing $7 haircut, but in my experience, that's not been the rule.   I have curly, hard to manage hair, and finding a stylist who understands this and cuts it accordingly has been a struggle. So, I am happy to pay extra to ensure that I will leave happy. In addition, more expensive haircuts tends to be given by professionals with more training/experience, which gives a better chance of a good outcome.
I think unless you literally look like you're wearing a fur pelt, arm hair is totally normal and should just be ignored.
I prefer mine waxed away entirely. I get friction chaffing when its too long and shaving is awful for me.   For now, because of money concerns, I'm trimming but I can't wait to get in a position where I can get my Brazilian waxes again.  And I get pissed as hell when anyone tries to say public hair should be removed for hygiene purposes. My body does not smell any worse with the hair there, its just personally uncomfortable. Aesthetically, I'd kinda like to keep it even. (mostly because I wanna shave a heart into it. don't judge me, I think it'd be cute.)  But its just shameful to tell ANYONE that they are somehow dirty for keeping the hair that naturally adorns their body.   I get a bit steamed over this. My 14 year old cousin was shamed by her gyno over her choice not to shave and I'm glad she told us all and let her mom find her a better doctor. But it breaks my heart to think of other young girls who like OP might not be in a good place to look for help and advice from a source that isn't a jackass.
Republicans don't care about such details, they think they're all literally children.
It doesn't. But one probably wouldn't serve jail time after peeing in a pool.
The person may not care but your company should and give proper discipline/counseling.
Depends, are you in a union? It's not cool to rat on other union people. Even still, if it doesn't effect you - why do you care so much? You wanna bust people become a cop.
I only go to female tattoo artists, my husband isn't comfortable with me being undressed in front of other men, and I totally understand that.
What am I looking at for price?
&gt;I guess I feel like I still need to "do my part" and be fair. I know that sounds crazy.  It doesn't sound crazy at all. It sounds like the kind of thing someone with a conscience would think when trying to evaluate the behavior of one whose conscience is at the very least dysfunctional.  I grew up in the sort of home that you're looking to avoid—and you're wise to be looking to leave. Your life, *and the life of your child*, will be much fucking improved by not having that type of person around. At all.   I'm a firm believer that most people are capable of changing for the better, *except for the types who beat-up on those whom they are supposed to love.* Those types don't change. Ever. I know this from growing up with a father like your husband, and my job now is directly related to prosecuting the shit birds for it. They're so fantastically homogeneous that I feel comfortable giving you this type of advice based on no other glimpses into his or your details.  I bet you're familiar with Charles Dickens', 'A Christmas Carol,' no? The last ghost was the ghost of Christmas Yet To Come. Scrooge had already realized his stone-hearted error by this point in the tale, but is subjected to the most fearsome spectre last none-the-less. Seems a little unfair, doesn't it?  I mean, he already had his heart changed. Why do that to the poor ol' miser? It turns out that, while the future can be difficult to see—the past can be impossible at times.  So, consider this the Ghost of You &amp; Your Child's future.  My Dad's heart exploded last year while he was shoveling snow, and that was the last time his tune played. Dropped dead. So, at thirty-two years old, I took a week and a half off of work, drove the 1600 miles back home to the funeral (the first I had been back in about 5 years) and we dressed our old man up in a suit and sent him up the local smokestack.  I didn't shed a single tear during the entire thing. Not one. I didn't grieve for him *at all.* I was sad for my mom, of course, but I genuinely didn't give a fuck about him at that point. My mom can't *completely* share her grief with me, not because I'm cold to it, but because I don't have any to share. Instead, much like Scrooge, she was made to understand that day that hatred has nothing over indifference in terms of shock-value.   My Mom and I didn't talk very often while my dad was alive, and my dad and I didn't talk at all after I moved out at 18. Since he's died there hasn't been a week that my Mom and I haven't had our weekly hours-long phone talks. This is *never* a subject that we talked about before, but she *constantly* apologizes for not leaving him. For not doing more. And it's heart-breaking to me because she does that completely unprompted. It happens if the conversation lulls—when her mental machinery is set adrift. Then she winds up apologizing for 'burdening' me with that (which she isn't at all.)  So, as a 33 year old, I'm watching my mom struggle with her own conscience, &amp; regrets that she no longer has the ability to amend. You and I both know that you don't want that. But, unlike Scrooge, she's experiencing this in real-time &amp; without the aid of a helpful spook.   And that's as good as it'll get for you and your child. In the meantime, you'll get to watch your husband beat the shit out of his and your children, *and you won't be able to do a fucking thing about it.* Lest it's *you* who gets beat while your child looks on. And that's no improvement. You'll get to see your child grow angry enough to genuinely think of killing him. You'll see that in their eyes, and that's when your regret will begin if it hadn't already. That's also when the distance between you and your child will grow, because even if they genuinely love you, they *will* ask themselves why you didn't fix it. That's when their resent will begin if it hadn't already.  You've been warned.  You're doing right by wanting to leave before the child is born. But how do you go about it? 1. Hire an attorney to begin the divorce proceedings *right now.* (someone else can serve the papers so you don't have to tell him yourself) 2. Ask your attorney to file an ex parte restraining order against your husband *right now.* (again, served by someone else.) 3. Document every single fucking time he comes within even a hair's breadth of violating it. That's all ammunition against the prick when he inevitably decides to test your patience &amp; resolve. 4. Call the police every single time he *does* violate it. No exceptions. They may not respond, you may not even care for them to, but it's more ammunition that you'll need and more importantly he'll begin to back-off. His narcissistic nature won't like being 'looked at' like that. 5. Stick to your guns. Don't make any contact with him, either. Seek full custody of your child. If you can, decline any sort of child support as in his mind that will give him the right to be the child's father—even though you know it'll *really* just be a reason to be your husband again.   The above is really the only way to go about getting you and your child out. It's going to suck pretty bad, I'm afraid to say. But if you don't do it, something like 20 years from now *you'll severely wish that you had.*  Good luck, my dear. Stay strong &amp; beware the ghost of Christmas Future.
It's a moment between two men.
The difference being, other things you hate you can get rid of. This is you. Also, I never said hate yourself. I think "loving yourself" leads to complacency though. I've never "loved myself", I'm always trying to improve my body, the way I dress, etc. I think that's the case for bodybuilders as well, they never love themselves because that would mean they're fine with how they are. *i love myself at 190 pounds lean, why shoot for 200?.* Honestly everyone I know who changed hated themselves before. On the same note, everyone I know who "loves themselves" stays the same, never improving their body. It's different for everyone though but once again, the commonality I see is loving oneself leads to complacency. I was depressed as a teenager as a tall skinny kid. One day I was like "fuck it, let me go to the gym". Here I am 4 years later 200 pounds 15% body fat at 6 ft(normally 190 pounds 10% body fat but as I said previously gained some fat recently cause of a back injury). At one point in that time though, I had a girlfriend who said she didn't care about my body. I got all the love so suddenly I stopped working out and eating well, she gave me so much affirmation, I thought I was good where I was no matter what. Then we broke up, and there I was the fattest I ever was and I felt like shit again. But yeah, everyone's different. I stick with being loved whether by oneself or someone else doesn't help.
Skirts and an airy blouse.  Today I have a spaghetti strap shirt on under my suit jacket and as soon as I can I take it off. Typically the actual service at the cemetery is very brief.     Luckily the funeral home I work in attracts a certain caliber of people, and they like that I have tattoos and dyed hair, because most of them do too.  The most common compliment I get from my families is that I'm not uppity like a lot of other places, so they feel like they can relax around me.    It's worse for dudes.  I'm hoping suit shorts catch on for their sakes.
You can eat the tulip's petals. I didn't, but you could.
I don't think this is the same thing as baby fever, which often comes about without having one's peer group becoming parents. People often get "baby fever" from stranger's children.
Your call OP
Wait, he just walked behind you?  That's it?  And you called the cops?  sick
Maintaining patriarchy is a sexist action
The way my university dealt with similar issues is that there was a huge range of club sports. They don't have the same rules as university athletic teams in Title IX because they aren't school-sponsored. So we had about 100 different club sports including long distance running, women's rugby, men's soccer club, dragonboat racing, etc etc, some co-ed and others not.
Thank you for replying, hopefully it'll stop soon, it's just like a light period tbh. Hope everything goes okay with your IUD, definitely take painkillers beforehand :)
As well as all equestrian sports. Historically, it used to be only men since it was only members of the military for the most part, but once they opened it to women, they've been co-ed!
At some point a teenage boy may make the tenant's uncomfortable, and as it's a women's shelter...it makes sense
Thought this was a troll post, apparently they want genders to be equal in something that they are not. Will someone remind me are they progressive or regressive? With this it seems they are latter. I may be misunderstanding how they are going to do this as english is not my main language. Same as that idiotic idea with the transgender dude breaking womans record, fail.
You must be a woman if you're naive enough to think that men looking at women's butts has anything to do with culture
  &gt;Hope this helps please message me if you have more specific questions and I will answer as best I can!    What kind of conflicts?
Appease?  Sports are comletitions where the best person wins.  Then it should make sense that sport events would involve all willing participants at once to determine who is the best.  That means mixed gender sports.  There are some sports that I wish they would add like cricket, but clearly this is more important.  It's just logical.
Why? Will our various sphincters be the next beautiful thing?
Actually it's probably base primal reproductive instinct from back when we mated for the assured continuation of the species. Every animal looks for an "attractive" mate. Songs, plumage, etc. it's just a matter of instinct over civilized culture   Speedy edit: which yes would make it a male problem still
So why are you against encouraging black women to run for office? Is it racism and sexism? I think so!
Yeah! Let's segragate and everything will be great!
Men don't have an advantage in skiing?
Jesse Shofner. Plays for Nashville
I thought it was called Trans-Gender?
What?
&gt; In 2017, 104 (78D, 26R) women hold seats in the United States Congress, comprising 19.4% of the 535 members; 21 women (21%) serve in the United States Senate, and 83 women (19.1%) serve in the United States House of Representatives. Five women delegates (3D, 2R) also represent American Samoa, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands in the United States House of Representatives.  Numbers don't lie, troll
I'm being represented by legislators - some that I *mostly* agree with, and some that I *totally* disagree with.  They all technically represent me, but that doesn't mean that they fight for my causes.  And it is guaranteed that they do not have the same priorities for my causes that I do, just because they represent everyone in their district.  But if they do not understand my issues, it is for sure that they will not prioritize them.
I'm still terrified! There are so many appeals in the future.
Wow... I'm sorry for that... I know that feeling, and it's the worst. Specially because you keep wondering what you could have done better.   It took me a year to get over a year-long relationship, the left me pretty fucked up. I felt guilty, as if there was something I could have done, or seen, that I didn't. The thing is, that the key of a relationship, over everything else, is the communication. No communication=no relationship. If he wasn't able or had the guts to tell you what he was feeling, that's his fault. You can't expect people to read your mind. Don't let what happened to you ruin your love life, seriously. Go out, hit the gym, enjoy your life. Don't waste it wondering "what if", things never are what they could have been, and you can't take the blame for what happened.  Stay strong and keep going, I'm sure you can :)
No I'm just saying that there is more than one way of being strong. Why does that offend you?
&gt;“This is just a divorce with two people who can’t work their shit out, and the kid’s stuck in the middle. And we’re trying to determine whether one’s a parent or not? You would never do that if people were straight.”  It bugged me that Gunn's attorney was trying to frame this as a gay rights issue. In this case, I don't think the fact that they are both women is even relevant. If Gunn were a man, I would expect the decision to go exactly the same way.
$350,000 in 2010 and she found herself struggling financially. She should have started dating Suze Orman... Disturbingly, how can one expect to leave open the option of child support, but deny parental rights. Can't have your Kate and Edith too...  On the other hand, Gunn just wanted to replace her Chihuahua and assert control over the people in her life that she felt she owned because of her money. "Ungrateful slag." She expected friends to be grateful, that they owed her. And she stole some of that sweet British slang.  I definitely agree with the ruling, but they're all entitled shit bags. Using money to buy kids from other countries and then fighting over them. It'd be funny if the adoption agency retroactively terminated the adoption because of the lies in the application. I'd be happy with everybody losing if it didn't mean the little boy lost as well...
And her stubborn ego would not allow her to acquiesce.
How many short men would date a tall woman who wears heels, *and never complain about the height difference*?
The idea that abstinence could ever work is beyond laughable. It only has that hollow ring of truth because it's presented as a decision like any other, without hormonal and psychosocial factors taken into account.
Look up Women on Waves.
Unhealthy view of sex and relationships, often wants to drink, unhealthy view of women at times,  plus idk just a feeling that I can't shake.  If I thought it didn't bug him I would drop it but ik my boyfriend.
Better :)
&gt;I think if I tell him it will start a fight.   That's probably the same logic he used when he lied to you. Be the bigger person here - admit that you went through his phone. It's true that you shouldn't have, but you did. Your feelings are valid even though you did something you shouldn't have. The fact that you snooped doesn't absolve him of any blame.  Either admit it or get over it.
I would trust him about anything else but the way he acted when he talked about it was so out of character.
More work ethic than a millennial
I think they're talking more generally. I have been in this situation the other way around, where I was on foot and a guy catcalling me was on a bike. He followed me despite being in public and no one in the street tried to help me. Literally had to run to work!   But, even if you're not always in danger when being catcalled, it's always uncomfortable to be called attention to when you're just trying to mind your business. And there are frequently situations where it is dangerous.
Have fun with their 1 % growth rate and 9 % unemployment rate ...
Well I sure as shit don't think apartment complexes should be allowed to require drug tests, so...
I wasn't smoking *in* his house. Trust me, I contacted my lawyer and he told me he absolutely cannot tell me that.
I don't understand how that is different from what I pointed out?  There are more light skinned Hispanics in the media, because people think light skinned = beautiful. People want to be light skinned so there are more light skinned people on TV.
How would they know?  You mean the will have a tap on you. .she had Sex x times she must be pregnant by now if not she gets evicted.
Because it's not a question of reproductive rights, it's a question of government interference in private contract between non-protected classes. You just happen to be seeing it presented as an anti-birth control story because that generate more clicks. I personally don't think the government has any business telling me who I can and can't rent my house to, provided they aren't in a protected class. It's a private contract, the government shouldnt be sticking their nose in it.
That would only be true if they have only a couple of rentals and manage them themselves. If you have enough single family homes, have complex or have a manager you must abide by the Fair Housing laws that would not allow gender discrimination.
Thanks for the reply, and absolutely OP is in possibly weird situation where she'd need to approach someone who was also there.
And I specifically mentioned LAWS against discrimination. Meaning this isn't just a moral issue. Legal actions can and have been taken against companies who have turned away services* because of discrimination.   Edit: Word
&gt;Not true. Once a woman is drunk, she cannot give consent, even if she says yes while drunk it's rape.  This is absurd and symptomatic of the regressive values feminism seems to embrace. We've somehow gotten to the point where women are so stupid they can't manage to make a decision when under the influence of alcohol, as opposed to men who can actually handle their drink.  Is this applied to everything? Can we trust women to confirm transactions when drunk? Buy products?
Not really, no. The advice was "talk to a lawyer about if this is rape, these people don't know what they are talking about as shown by X". They was also speaking on the legal process (Is this rape) not the police process (should I talk to police). So those are both baseless claims.
Feels very much like something in the early days of Handmaids Tale.
I'm only in my 20s, I don't think it's an age thing. But I did start a new job with a really different schedule than I'm used to, maybe that could be it
They'd go through their trash, presumably.
And this is why private property is a fucking sham.
You're implying it only applies to women ?
We absolutely do not all discriminate in the legal sense of that word which is the relevant context here.
Kind of like how women who have kids don't get promotions or raises as much as men? You can't have your cake and it eat too, right?
49 yo white man with 2 bi-racial kids, crying in my office at the beauty of your words. Will be sharing with both my kids later.
Fabulous idea. I hope someone makes them
Fabulous idea. I hope someone makes them
Making all school funding tied to standardized test scores is part of the problem.
Stuff like this doesn't help at all:  https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/06/the-southern-baptist-convention-alt-right-white-supremacy/530244/
My guess is that you lean to the left.
&gt; wandering womb  That just makes me think of a sad uterus with a beard, sitting in a boxcar with a bindle stick over its shoulder.
&gt;basically manhandled her.  I don't think you know what manhandled means
Oh, I absolutely agree. I never said men specifically do it... just wanted to talk about the common experience that women have where if they are strong/aggressive/firm they are painted as hysterical or spazzes unfairly.
"Why are they dressed like that? Is this some religious thing?"  \- People passing this legislation, probably
I'm not obese.  But you wanna know what's even MORE unhealthy than being obese? Anorexia or bulimia, you die faster if you starve yourself and rob yourself of nutrients than if you were simply obese. Suicide because people won't mind their own business and put their negativity in all because of your weight isn't healthy either. It costs no money to let people be happy no matter if their weight is "unhealthy" or not. Odds are you're not a shining human being either.  Unless you are 100% healthy, meaning NEVER put toxins in your body like smoking, drinking alcohol, soda, fast foods, etc you have 0 room to talk. Bye!
You are about to merge households with her. You know- be married. She doesn't get to make these sorts of decisions alone anymore. You deserve to be considered.   Does she want children at all? Are you guys on the same page? Seriously would be questioning this. Super important for marriage.
I'm a man, so obviously I'm not coming at it from your perspective, but I wanted to reply.   I watched my wife go through it 3 times, with all the pains and stretch marks that comes with it. She did not enjoy being pregnant. I think very few people actually enjoy pregnancy itself and what it does. There are always a few that go on about the glow and what it did to their hair, etc., but for the majority, it's a means to an end.   If you don't want to have children, that's your choice and your prerogative. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.   If you like kids and only don't want them because of what pregnancy does to the body, I think that's a different story and you may be depriving yourself of something special for the wrong reasons.   As others have stated though, adoption is also a perfectly valid option.
It was a clump of cells, dude. Unless you want to risk your life carrying it and then giving birth to it, it's a woman's choice.
I agree with everything except #3. Feminism was created by women for every one.
It sounds like your therapist was putting your immediate health first. You can't blame the therapist when you are already at risk for the disorder, who is to say what else could trigger it unexpectedly? And frankly you need to be able to hear and acknowledge your weight without falling apart, little by little. You do need to be aware that your body is at too low of a weight to sustain itself. The truth hurts but you need to hear it. Your therapist knows this and is trying to help. Therapy is hard that's why not everyone seeks it, but you can stay strong.
We want kids.. it's been talked about many times.. I told her she was selfish and this decision was not hers to make alone.. I have to talk to her again today with a clearer mind.. because my mind was all over the place yesterday.. I was super angry.
/u/gggggut. If you haven't already, this is a good thing to consider. It may not apply to you, but it can be hard to recognize the experiences of others as similar to your own. It is likely it is not the case, but consider how forthcoming your fiance has been with you and how much she has expected from you. She needs to be able to trust you exactly as much as you have to trust her. If she can't do that, it's not a healthy relationship. You should most certainly get counseling and see what you want to do from there.  Wish you the best!
Him being pro-life is besides the point. She should have told him. They're partners. She had the right to make the ultimate decision, but that doesn't mean he doesn't even deserve to know she was pregnant.
Doesn't the word "real" contradict the word "bullshit" that you chose to insert?
I understand where u coming from as well.
Read the article above - men disproportionately interrupt women vs interrupting other men.
Well, where's his proof? He has none.   Also, please see if you can get a low-cost advocate to help you with this.
"Yeah let's take this perfectly fine sentence and interpret the words in a way that I can shitpost."
I don't understand this obsession redditors have with jumping ship... If you love someone, they are worth fighting for, even if they make mistakes. What else is your love toward someone even worth if you can't even offer that?
Thanks stranger :)
Your instincts are spot on.
Hence my point about adulthood. A kid goes to school, not an adult. If the kid wants to stop going to school, he needs his parents' permission and his parents, not the kid, need to figure out alternative ways to complete the kids education.  An adult doesn't need his parents to make choices for him, an adult makes his own choices - that's, IMHO, one of the main points of being an adult.  EDIT: But she had choices. Bad choices, but choices nonetheless. She could have chosen to sleep in the streets, for instance, which is probably a worse choice. Life doesn't always give you a bad choice and a good choice, it can give you three bad choices and zero good choices. Pretending you can't choose in such a situation is refusing to admit the existence of that person's will.
Absolutely agreed on the doctor front and most of the rest.  I would not recommend regular soap, though. Its pH is very basic and your vagina is acidic (all of your skin, is, really, but especially your vagina). If something is already off, this will absolutely not help you. Even a perfectly healthy and happy vulva can end up smelling off if you wash with a bar of soap. A pH-balanced cleanser would be a much better choice.
??
The movie sucks balls tho.
Grow up
Then why are you acting like they should have 3D printed the solar panels?
I think that babies can be very annoying, but surely something changes when it's your own.
Sex isn't always consensual...should all sex be treated like it's rape then? Not everyone operates their vehicle legally...should no one be allowed to drive?  Just because some porn breaks the law does not mean you act like all of it does. And where are you basing that it contributes to anything? How exactly do societies that ban porn compare to ones that don't?
And you deserve to take care of your body!
Living in South Africa, and being Afrikaans, our parents basically use how terrible pregnancy and labour is as birth control 😂😂😂
really? What part? I live in New york and I've never heard someone refer to a group as y'all.
Because their age implies their experience in business, and their time spent working for the company to be much greater than mine? Because their age made it feel harder to be assertive about them not touching me than if they had been my age? Because one of the people who witnessed what they did told me "Ah they're old guys who cant handle their drink, *shrugs* Whatcha gonna do, huh?". Becauae their age *should* imply that they would know better than to grope and restrain a colleague against their will?   And *of course* it matters who did it. This is two guys in a position of power over me, not my direct managers but well placed to make my career prospects take a severe dive.
I didn't realize how uneducated I was myself. This was really eye opening. Thank you for being so open and honest about it.
Have you checked out if you might have pelvic floor dysfunction? It's common enough after childbirth and has a lot to do with the peeing yourself, painful sex issues. I underwent pelvic floor therapy for it and I'm 95% better.
&gt;I argued that it’s both violent and unhealthy and fuels the rape culture and sex slavery here in the US  What are you basing that off of?
Stop. Just stop.  They have names and you should have enough respect for them to use those names.
Learn everything you can and be careful. Also you can buy tons of pregnancy tests and use them whenever you're worried. Even though logically I know I'm careful, just the confirmation makes me feel much better.
No one talks about how hard it is, because then they would be accused of complaining. On the flip side, sometimes when you are newly pregnant you seem to attract all the people who want to talk about their horror stories.  I appreciate how hard it is, but I can't say it was that specifically hard on me.  But there were effects later on, that I felt like I had no right complaining about, so I kept my mouth shut and made excuses and/or hid it. Things that affect me to this day, and my youngest is almost 10 years old.
This!
Whats your top three issues with video and photography?
How many babies have you had? None I'm guessing.
Not smoking.
Reading all these comments I can't help but wonder why anyone would want to have children. I might be speaking from a different view sense both me and my girlfriend are infertile, but just the thought of her going through all this pain and with a high possibility of dieing it's just too much of a risk. I'm very sorry for all that you've suffered along with other people here sharing their stories.
I think it's alot like having pets. Some people just jump in and think about how much fun it will be, and others do intense research for months beforehand.   This is one of the reasons I won't be having kids. The risks are insane, I have a high likelihood of a bedridden high-risk pregnancy, and the thought of the pain and messed up sex life just doesn't work for me.   I'm so glad you are talking about this. I don't get why the production behind creating another life is still taboo, it makes no sense.   Good luck with your baby, and yourself.
Well, you have to eat more because as well as keeping yourself maintained as usual, you need extra energy to help a tiny speck grow into a newborn baby. Calculating exactly how much extra you need to eat isn't an exact science, so women usually eat more rather than less of what's necessary. But pregnancy doesn't make you fat.
3 years
Awesome! Thanks!
Perhaps it's time to move on from the doctor worship.
Girl, I feel you. I feel the same way and I'm 25 with no husband, no children, and no gross abnormalities.   Unfortunately I think I'm just way too "business" like all the time and I can't snap put out of it. It's getting worse as time goes on. I'm always very formal and probably come off as uptight, even thought I'm not. I'm always very focused on school and getting shit done.  I have some long time friends that I've known forever, but making new friends past the age of 20? I'm at a loss.
Yes, relationships with women DEF take effort. I didn't really realize that and I kind of was pretty sad when my closest group of girl friends basically shunned me after some period of time that i didnt really make much effort to hang out with them. Whenever i was dating someone i basically spent most of my time with my boyfriend or would always choose my bf over my friends and after that i guess they started hating me.  Recently i did try to reach out to SOME that i thought didnt hate me and only one of them even responded to my texts so it made me pretty sad.   And yes i know exactly what you mean by you let yourslef be lazy. I started to stop trying to socialize and would just alwyas prefer being mad comfortable with my boyfriend at home or just doing silly things with him but my current relationship has left me ruined. I realized i cannot rely on him AT ALL because he is manipulative, selfish and crazy and he has hurt me so so very badly on an emotional and mental level.   I'm so scared to start life on my own again i dont even know where to begin :(
"Examination of the toxic nature of white womanhood often leads to cries of misogyny. However, those making this claim are missing a crucial point; when critiquing white womanhood, it is whiteness that is being focused on as the problem that needs fixing"  Jesus.
How does this work?  I've heard to size up 2 sizes because everything is made in China.
I've never had one. Sounds horrible though!
Sources are also provided about issues even in first-world countries, such as the fact that there are indeed girls in first-world countries who miss school due to lack of access to menstrual supplies.
I've been in your position, and I'm too embarrassed to say how long I let it go on, giving him chances to make it right, trying different approaches (like "Maybe it's emasculating for him to pay me money, so we'll just agree that he's responsible for certain monthly bills and I'm responsible for others"). I made twice as much money as him and didn't mind shouldering a higher portion of the bills, but he needed to contribute what he could, you know?  Anyway, we got into a pattern where I would bring it up, he would agree to whatever my terms were, make a half-hearted effort to pitch in and then start ignoring it again. I really resented being made to be "the nag" by asking him over and over. Add that to the fact that he was all but useless around the house as well, and eventually I asked him to move out. He didn't seem to care, really. I'm not sure he ever saw me as anything but an advantageous alliance.  So what I'm saying is...only you know your relationship. What are you getting out of it? Is it enough that you're willing to make peace with being the one who pays the bills? Because it's very unlikely that he will change.
omg this is the sweetest thing ever
OMG your dad is Terry Crews?!
There's nothing to assume, it's scientifically proven that women cannot compete with men's strength and speed. They female counterparts are less exciting. Like in the WNBA for example only like 1 or 2 players in the whole league can dunk
wow, i love this so much. i hope to be your dad.  edit: i do know how to ski, though, so at least i have that going for me.
I think in a lot of ways I realize..... But I'm still worried that I'm being an asshole. He's new to the country, has no friends or family to support him, he's on a shit wage while we try get residency.  What if I am wrong n he just needs my love n support.  That's why I wanted to ask a bunch of friendly strangers. My family are so supportive they say "I'm worried about you ..... etc.... But if your happy we will drop it"
he sounds like a great dad. I bet he weeded out all the "bad" boyfriends real quick.
&gt; If you can't remember what happened to you then clearly you did not consent to anything.  So if I stole a hundred bucks from someone but forgot I didn't steal?
Not some thing you can do in my country I don't think.
Wow, I relate to this so hard.   I grew up in a small town, then moved to another country for school, returning to a town an hour and a half from where I grew up.   I won't lie - it took a LONG time to make friends. It's hard. You have to find a common ground and I find that you can't push the relationship too hard. For me, I play sports, so I met people playing every week, and over the course of the few weeks we would chat more and more eventually ending up going for drinks as a team after, then eventually to 1:1 things. It's really hard and you have to be patient. I hope you find some people soon &lt;3
yeah i guess it was 110 billion dollar weapon's deal.
Not entirely true. During the women's football world cup all games were being broadcasted. I still didn't watch them except for Germany vs Sweden just to see what it was all about. Not bad, but too slow paced for my liking with a lot of mistakes on passes. The only pro I saw over Men's football was that higher scorelines were more common. But the intensity of the game wears off when scoring becomes easy because female goalkeepers aren't as athletic to reach harder to reach shots.  People don't watch them for the same reason. Slow gameplay and less exciting to Men's football.  As for other sports I can't attest to them.
really? not as crazy? sounds exactly as crazy.
This is not a good idea. Comparing someone to your ex sexually is rarely a good idea. If anything, suggesting he is better than any ex she's had is far superior.
Mental health improvement is the number one benefit of hormone therapy, the rest is just a bonus
Oh boy yeah, she's absolutely talking to the wrong people.  Google vulvodynia specialists in your area and go talk to them. You guys haven't even started to treat this.  &gt;So im not sure what you're referring to when you say PT / dilators. Could you explain?  Pelvic floor physical therapy usually consists of working with a physical therapist who specializes in the muscles of the pelvic floor. Sometimes muscles tighten up because they are weak, so they'll help her strengthen them and learn how to relax them through progressive exercises.  Dilators are smooth silicone cylinders made in a series of sizes that she'll insert up her vagina to gain practice and comfort with penetration. They help stretch you out and overcome mental blocks. You start really small and slowly work up.  There's also treatments like nerve blocks, botox (to relax the tight muscles) and things like that you guys can look into. But your first step is getting a doctor that knows how to treat this.
Reddit strikes again
I used it a long time ago on my leg hair, and I use it at work (I'm a researcher, and we use it on the mice for procedures). It works really well and you can't cut yourself. The cons: of you have sensitive skin you will get a nasty rash. It stinks like you wouldn't believe, and you won't get the smell out no matter how hard you try.
Hey, its better than nothing
The premise that women undergo menopause because men find older women unattractive is preposterous. And scientists who underestimate women are biased, and thus, aren't making a scientific assumption.
Feel free to elaborate
Because Tragedy + Time = Comedy. It's our mechanism for coping with the fucked up world we live in.
When I first starting dating my current boyfriend we had the same problem. Since we were newly dating I didn't really ask him about it but I could tell it frustrated him. He finally told me that he would just get too in his head about it. He, too, would get anxious and nervous about keeping the erection. After probably the 5th time trying it finally happened for us. So it sounds like it could be something similar with your husband. I think once he gets a little more relaxed about being a newlywed and calms his thoughts the issue should resolve itself.
Could they possibly have had more popping up ads on that page?
just do it. or adopt. adoption fine.
Seems kind of a waste of a relatively expensive tampon.
That's always a possibility.  Ultimately, it's not a choice that you want to be making under pressure, but I think, based on your post, that you know that and you've thought this all out.
&gt; Everything from holding a gun to someone's head and saying "Do you want to have sex with me?" Or saying, "Hey, we're looking to fill a higher position. Say, wanna come to my place after drinks?" Or, conversely, "Don't tell anyone this little secret, but we're gonna have layoffs soon. Come out dancing with me tonight and I'll you more about it." And of course, everything in between where a physical "YES" may be given but its given under the same duress as a PoW.  I don't know about this. Is it appropriate to run together an explicit threat of deadly violence and sexual harassment? Holding a gun to someone's head is very unlike suggesting that someone could get a promotion in exchange for sexual favours. The stakes are obviously much higher in the one case, there are more realistic options for refusal and retreat in the other. I just don't see why you would want to draw any kind of equivalency here. Both things can be bad without needing them to be as bad or bad in the same way.
Lots of people won't let other people hold their kids before about 12 weeks because their immune systems are weak and the risk of germs/illness is greater. So it may not even come up.   Plan to bring food if you can - lunch or dinner or whatever. I've found new parents don't have much time to put together gourmet meals, and then you have the 'well, I already ate so I'll leave you to your meal' excuse to get out when you're ready.
Okay I wasn't sure the "afraid of dropping her" thing would work without being rude in some way. I'm fine with sucking it up for my friend, just mostly anxious.
Good communication is best, and maybe sometime you should be the first to initiate a handshake then give him a nice firm one while looking him right in the eyes, standing up tall and looking confident.   Edit:a typo
Smart!
I'm so sorry to hear that you're still struggling. If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here
&gt; Well... he actually isn't doing anything illegal.   Pimping is 100% illegal in Thailand.   **Section 286. Prostitution**   Any person, being over sixteen years of age, subsists on the earning of a prostitute, even it is some part of her incomes, shall be punished with imprisonment of seven to twenty years and fined of fourteen thousand to forty thousand Baht, or imprisonment for life.   [Source](http://library.siam-legal.com/thai-law/criminal-code-indecency-prostitution-sections-282-287/)
Is it really consent when you're afraid for your life? If you can't confess under duress, why would it be valid if you consented under it.   That, and also, no to the rest of the idea as well.
Did you ever ask him why he does it ?
A woman who walks with pride in herself and not her makeup is very attractive.
Which is why the law was changed and the 90's where a very dark political period for the military...
Ok so are you ok with people in uniform at white power and white pride marches. If not, then according to your logic, the military is forced to take a political stance in favor of one thing and against another thing
Sure, it could not be a scam, but *since it could* it's best to just call the police and have them take care of it.
It will never be appropriate for soldiers to ever March in support of a cause that has nothing to do with job as a soldier and defending the country from external and internal threats. It has nothing to do with the cause.   EDIT: It has nothing to do with the cause, good or bad, it has to do with the fragile position of the military when it comes to the social and political affairs of our country.
Some people dont believe that homosexuals deserve equal rights and will associate their anger in seeing someone else who believes the opposite and is in a military uniform with the military. Its not that hard to understand, ignorant people get mad at the organization who employs someone who does something they dont like.
If it was my country, they would allow this just to tag who's what and then...well you can guess what comes after.
Even if the insurance covers it, they will still receive a statement in the mail telling them what their insurance covered.
Brooks Brothers has a few women's polos and I'm sure Ralph Lauren does too.  Or if you can find them cheaply you can have them tailored to fit you better.  I'd wear a button up shirt with a bit of stretch, jeans or chinos and ballerina or mary jane flats, loafers or sneakers.  Watch out for things like cowl/drape necks; you can't bend over in them without everyone seeing down the front of your shirt.
Truth
The average price I've seen is $8,000
Don't.  You are better than that :)
I'm really picky and not often available so I only went on about a dozen or so dates last year. I had two relationships. The majority were nice men but most were really boring so they didn't get a second date. The worst guys on dating sites as far as messages go are white men in my experience.
If that's true you can basically make anyone a feminist icon because her character has nothing to do with feminism.
That seems low for all the hassle.  Is that payment taxed?
&gt; But it's almost like you're suggesting only the vaccinated are spreading the whooping cough, which is absolutely not the case. It's not a perfect vaccine, but it's still helping, just like the flu vaccine which isn't 100%, but is immensely helpful. &gt;   I said nothing of the sort.    I was stating FACT regarding the shortcomings of the pertussis vaccine.  But the vaccine-religious really have a hard time with fact.  They really do.
Psst... I think the word you're looking for is "loser" not looser. ;-)
I understand how you feel, to a point (straight guy here.) I have a good friend who is FtM trans and life, as you can imagine, is tough at times. At first, I was like "well, I guess she is he now and that's cool, but..." then the more I thought about it, it's tough to relate to anyone. Take gender out of it and you still have racial, political, religious and all sorts of other things that can be used to create closeness or distance from a person. By just saying, "well he wasn't born a man so he can't know what I deal with" is reducing both of us to just one thing. I'm ignoring the fact that he has had gender dysphoria, grew up in a wealthier household and is white. I had no gender/sexuality issues, grew up dirt poor and am markedly not-white. However, we have a thousand other things in common and despite our gender differences, we're still close. That's what matters.
You have really cool hair!  I'm not trying to make light of what happened, it was awful. I'm just hoping that a tiny compliment will bring a momentary smile. They help. I know.
Yes
What's so much more relatable about that? I mean how much does the physical vagina impact your daily life, as opposed to say other people percieving you as female or you idnetifying with being a women and femininity?
Hey you know it's funny. .I picked up on that as soon as I posted it but   1 I was too lazy to edit it  2 I wasn't even sure what the correct spelling was.    This one and fell v fall always gets me.
The DUP in Northern Ireland made it heavily restricted.
I'm a 29 year old guy who was adopted at three days old through an adoption agency. For reasons that I don't know, nor need to know, my mother couldn't conceive. But it doesn't matter to me, because she's my mother, and I'm her son.  Just sayin.
Well they clearly forgot to include some very Key information then! Still doesn't make it not insulting
&gt; Just because they aren't excluded, they aren't included.  That's a dangerous rabbit hole to start down.   Jewish people aren't excluded from the NBA, but they aren't included. Should we be artificially adding Jewish people to the NBA?
If you have issues with it being dry, have you tried just rinsing every time you exercise and washing less frequently? It may not work for you but that's what I do and I find it very effective
My question is if anyone can advise how can I start to dig myself out of this situation?
I wonder if it's the super strength clinical pot that got to me or just life problems.   I do like the occasional bowl though because I am way more interested and excited playing with the kids lol. Much more intrigued with what they wanna play with or come up with.
Kinda like a bird?
When it needs it. Pre-pregnancy, when I was running every day, I'd wash daily. Now that my workouts are less intense and my hair gets less sweaty, every 3 days usually does the trick.
I've read on a few forums that's what their gyno suggested, it either helps or doesn't really affect it, it was possibly wrong, this was months prior when I was researching it still
I've read it on a few forums but perhaps they were wrong! I really wanted to try Paraguard but that sole fact :( I am definitely a picker/popper as well. I've never been on BC before so I'm pretty afraid of what hormones will do to me. I PMS/go pretty emo a week before my period and then for a day or two a month after my cycle I have no emotions(this isn't that bad but I feel suffocated if my SO is clingy those days in which I feel bad for him).
